# Terrafort <> Virio Content Workshop/ROI

**Meeting Date:** 24th Feb, 2026 - 11:02 AM

---

**Grady Joseph** *[00:00]*: Me. Cool, 
**Eric Lay** *[00:04]*: Cool. Great to meet you. I guess we could do some quick intros, I think. John, you want to say something? 
**Eric Lay** *[00:13]*: Well, no, no. Just go. Go for it. 
**Eric Lay** *[00:17]*: Yeah. So typically John brings me in when you know, we want to get more tactical with your content strategy. 
**Eric Lay** *[00:25]*: So. 
**Eric Lay** *[00:25]*: So I'm co founder CEO at Brewery here. Been doing content for like 10 plus years. Grew accounts on like YouTube, Instagram to millions of followers, generated billions of views and then became one of the top B2B SaaS. Founder careers on LinkedIn last year grew like 40,000 followers pretty quickly. And then I think more than the follower side, I think what we've really engineered at Vereo is content that drives pipeline. So I think where we could probably help and you know, build out some playbooks for you is on, you know, if you have like target accounts that you really want to get in front of, share some strategies, some tactics of how we can leverage content to specifically get you in front of those dream customers of yours. 
**Eric Lay** *[01:06]*: So quick overview, would love to like, I guess get caught up to speed on how you're thinking about content and what's the ball neck, what are you looking to accomplish from your perspective? 
**Grady Joseph** *[01:21]*: Yeah. So CEO, Co founder of terrafor we are building, have built a disaster intelligence platform. So we primarily work with state and local governments, help them assess damage after disasters, anticipate impacts from severe weather. I think from like a content strategy like I'm an operator, I came from the public sector and I've been building this company for the last couple years as we expand and kind of go to market. I think we're super interested in LinkedIn as a channel both from like a authoritative, you know, we are like experts in our field and kind of driving that brand recognition and awareness and then certainly like believe strongly that our early adopters are on LinkedIn from a professional perspective. 
**Grady Joseph** *[02:17]*: And so you know, want to expand the company's reach there, grow the following and do all the things and then I just don't functionally have time. We're still doing, you know, founder led sales and a lot of that fun stuff and operating and leading everything to sit down and really focus on driving good quality like LinkedIn posts that hit all of the best practices and things of that nature. So that's why we're kind of interested in what you guys offer. 
**Eric Lay** *[02:45]*: Yeah, and I think the interesting thing, but you guys like you guys are selling to very niche sort of segment of the market and I don't know if you saw our website like literally in our front Page we say like we love vertical SaaS, like, you know, because we love like countries that are signed to these legacy industries. It's just way competition I think very quickly. I mean would you say, what do you, what would you call your industry? Like how would you describe it? 
**Grady Joseph** *[03:15]*: We call it the emergency management industry. 
**Eric Lay** *[03:18]*: Yeah. So emergency management, Earth Intelligence. Right. Is like another keyword. Like you can be the Earth intelligence guy, the emergency management guy. And I don't think there's anyone on LinkedIn who's claiming that title. Yeah. So I think there's a very straightforward path, right. If it's, if the content strategy is executed properly, turning you into like the face right of this sort of world or this sort of vertical. And I think there's obviously a lot of power in that where you know, eventually you go to these trade shows, I'm sure where you sell to these people in person, these old school people and if they recognize you, they know who you are coming into it. Everything just moves that much faster. And, and I saw like you've tried posting some content, you know, here and there. 
**Eric Lay** *[04:09]*: Was that like you, anyone helping you, like just posting some random thoughts once a month or so? 
**Grady Joseph** *[04:14]*: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Just me sitting down and banging it out every once in a while when It comes back to mine. 
**Eric Lay** *[04:23]*: Yeah. And have you had success with LinkedIn so far? Like you know, maybe on like even an outreach standpoint on a content when you do post, are you seeing any traction? 
**Grady Joseph** *[04:34]*: There's to a degree, like within my existing network, but I wouldn't say anything that's like net new. Right. Those are like kind of warm relationships that I've got from my, you know, from the rest of my career the other 12 years that I've been doing this. Right. So we're, the goal is to expand it kind of beyond my personal reach and relationships from you know, past co workers and things like that. 
**Eric Lay** *[04:58]*: Got it. Yeah. So, and you guys are early stage start. Right. So I'm guessing like at the end of day it really just comes down to roi. Like if you're going to invest in something you got to see that, hey, you can see the pipeline that's coming in for you to like justify it, you know, sometimes like are you guys like seed stage or around that or. 
**Grady Joseph** *[05:19]*: Yeah, we're. Well we would be seed stage but we're bootstrapped so we've got kind of a relationship with a team at Google so they've helped us out with some non dilutive capital and otherwise we've just been bootstrapped, so. All right, super important because I don't have a lot of extra cash laying around and so yeah, I think from my conversation it's really just like you guys deliver what you say you deliver. I guess. Yeah. My, my wife's got a startup as well in the beauty space and I think we've fired four or five different, you know, performance marketing firms. So you guys seem to be taking a different tact, which I appreciate, but at the end of the day, you know, marketing. Do marketing. So. Yeah, 
**Eric Lay** *[06:06]*: And, and we're in a unique position where because we have so much top of funnel from our LinkedIn content, like we don't need to like force early stage companies in the door. Yeah. I think right now, like even if were to Humbert you today, we'd probably need to Humber you for like second week of March earliest. And that you know, can continue to get backlogged. But I think if we are to work with this like earlier stage company, it's really reputation of we need to make sure that we really crush it for you. So I think part of this conversation too is figure out like well, what actually needs to happen. Can we see a line of sight forwards where there is a clear pathway to roi? Yeah, maybe we could start off with like some tactics on how we think about content. 
**Eric Lay** *[06:57]*: But before I do that, I just want to confirm like ICP profiling and if we are on the same page there. So you guys are selling to like directors of emergency management, directors of public works and then directors of finance, in that order priority. Is that correct or. 
**Grady Joseph** *[07:15]*: Yeah, okay, that's correct. 
**Eric Lay** *[07:17]*: And then you're signed to local government. State. State and local. So like municipal and like state as well? 
**Grady Joseph** *[07:26]*: Correct. 
**Eric Lay** *[07:27]*: Okay. 
**Grady Joseph** *[07:27]*: Primarily. So it would say county governments are. Are number one. State governments would be probably two. And then like city and towns would be number three. 
**Eric Lay** *[07:39]*: In that order of priority. 
**Grady Joseph** *[07:41]*: Yes. 
**Eric Lay** *[07:41]*: Yeah. And then like the contract sizes, maybe it's different for you know, who you're selling to. Maybe states larger versus to count. Like what is the typical most common deal that is highest ROI for you from a likelihood to close deal velocity to acv. Because there's always a waiting. Like you go bigger, it's hard to close, it's like more effort but then you go smaller. It's just a smaller dollar amount. Like do you have like a ideal sweet spot? Obviously you'd want all of them. But where is the most traction? 
**Grady Joseph** *[08:17]*: We're getting the most traction? I mean several hundred thousand dollars so we've got contracts all the way from $10 million to $50,000. Generally speaking, we don't go. Nothing's below 50 grand. 
**Eric Lay** *[08:32]*: Okay, but would you say the median, the ideal median, what does that look like? 
**Grady Joseph** *[08:37]*: Would be like 252, 50K. 
**Eric Lay** *[08:42]*: Okay. 
**Grady Joseph** *[08:42]*: Yeah. 
**Eric Lay** *[08:43]*: And then the archetype of that buyer you're entering through the Director of Emergency Management? Typically, yes. Yeah. And then that would be a, you know, what type of like, which demographic is that? Like a state? Is that a county, Is that a city? Like what would be the typical archetype of that median buyer? 
**Grady Joseph** *[09:06]*: It would be a county government director, Deputy director of Emergency Management. 
**Eric Lay** *[09:12]*: Okay, cool. And you, I'm guessing you already have like a list of people you're targeting or. No. How do you like target who to go after today? 
**Grady Joseph** *[09:22]*: So we just got feature complete on our platform like a month and a half ago and did our first like full blown operational deployment in December and January. So my list is basically like west coast counties that are either have been recently hit or, you know, we realistically believe we'll be hit by a disaster in the next 18 months. 
**Eric Lay** *[09:47]*: How big is that list? 
**Grady Joseph** *[09:50]*: It is call it 100, 150 counties. Probably. 
**Eric Lay** *[09:59]*: Got it. And how are you targeting them today? Like what's working, what has worked, what's the best channel for you guys? 
**Eric Lay** *[10:07]*: Everything's been warm you said, right? Just warm intros. 
**Grady Joseph** *[10:10]*: Yeah, for the most part it's. We've just been tapping into our existing network so we've got, you know, a small team. Yeah, referrals from, you know, folks we basically reaching out to folks we've worked with in the past. We've got kind of a cut line where we look at like the population size of a given county. So if it's like, you know, you're in California, there's like Alpine county with 2,500 people. Not super interesting for us. So if they've got like more than250,000 population, that's usually like where we draw the line for outreach and engagement and then. Right. LA county is a monster to take down. That's the, you know, by far the largest county. 
**Eric Lay** *[10:52]*: So that could be a multi million dollar deal, right? Yeah, yeah, that's a whale and you can get there. Okay, well maybe I'll show you. I've got some contacts. Let me show you some of the ways we think about content and then feel free to jump in if you have any questions. We can skip through social selling. I think you're here because you probably Believe in the power of it. Why now? Various. LinkedIn's becoming an ads platform and I think it's shifting from recruiting revenue to ads. And I think they just want more targeted niche content. And so that way they could serve target niche ads. And so that means, like, it's really great for founders like yourself who are selling to like niche sort of like buyers. 
**Eric Lay** *[11:34]*: So, you know, your type of content, if you really narrow in, can do really well on LinkedIn today. John May or may not have mentioned some of the AI stuff we've done where we've got these agents that basically can find every single post that hits a certain performance threshold on LinkedIn. It gets stored in our database and then we label it based off of job title, industry, who's posting, who's engaging. So like, if we know, you know, you're going after the directors, emergency management, we could see, well, what are they engaging with on LinkedIn? What are government directors engaging with on LinkedIn? And I think that's going to help us get a much higher degree of accuracy for what is actually going to resonate with your target demographic. 
**Eric Lay** *[12:18]*: And then we employ the best writers to basically leverage our tech to be able to write, you know, higher quality content that, you know, resonates with your audience. Yeah, I think the core is really diving to the actual philosophy of like how we, the types of content we would write. Yeah, we break it down like top, middle, bottom, funnel. Pretty standard. But one thing that we always tell founders is that you want to shift from, you know, being too like, you know, social media E, where you're just like, how I got into YC or blah. I what this thing taught me about B2B SAs, like, yeah, we don't want to do that because like, you're just building a consumer audience. Now you're saying like these directors of, you know, at these governments, like state governments, like they don't care about that. 
**Eric Lay** *[13:08]*: But at the other side, you know, you don't want to be too direct of just trying to sell because we really, like, we think about content as earning the right to sell. So like, every single post should build more loyalty and trust. And the goal that we think about for content is how do we make sure as many people in your industry follow you and connect with you on LinkedIn and engage with your content. Because once we see those signals, like you might have mentioned before, that cold outbound doesn't really work, but warm outbound works extremely well. So if you've got people connecting with you, engaging with your content, they see you and then you go outbound. Now this is Gonna have a 10x higher chance of booking meeting. 
**Eric Lay** *[13:48]*: And so that's what we're really trying to optimize for when we work with, you know, people on content. It's how do we feed the top of funnels so you have a lot of warm connections that you can actually get, you know, great meetings booked with. Any questions? 
**Grady Joseph** *[14:06]*: No, I think that makes a ton of sense. 
**Eric Lay** *[14:08]*: Yeah. Now if we're going to like the different strategies, especially in your space, I think one thing that's interesting is definitely news related content top of funnel because I mean if you know, like I'm guessing track like earthquakes or you know, stuff like tornadoes, hurricanes. Right. 
**Grady Joseph** *[14:28]*: Storms, all that sort of stuff. 
**Eric Lay** *[14:30]*: Fires. Right. So all natural, is it just all natural disasters or. 
**Grady Joseph** *[14:35]*: Right, yep, all natural disasters. There's like a lot of, you know, political movement and what the Trump administration is doing with FEMA and you know, all sorts of stuff like that, you know, technology, like what does like innovation look like in the space? How do you help, you know, communities respond to disasters, recover faster? 
**Eric Lay** *[14:58]*: Yeah, that's going to be one of the core pillars, I think for your content is like low hanging fruit to track news on government policy, how that affects the industry, FEMA or hey, this hurricane's coming and you definitely for worse use it to your advantage and do some commentary on like, hey, this much, many billions of dollars will be lost because of this because of the lack of preparation or lives are going to be lost because of the lack of system and technology. Right. To do prevention. And you definitely want to be drumming the beat to really own the narrative. And so you got to be the person to follow to know what's going on. Natural disasters, government policy changes. 
**Eric Lay** *[15:44]*: I think that's super easy content that we'd want to get your opinions and feed the narrative on these things that are trending that are being talked about. So an example is like for us like you know, when we're in the AI BBSAS space when like Toby releases AI Shopify Memo, like my co founder made a commentary piece around that and how that affects our world of service software companies. Right? Yeah, going to more middle funnel content. This is another pillar that I think would do really well for you. It's shifting your content from I think when I looked at your posts, a lot of it's just more updates, right. Almost like a Facebook feed, right. Instagram of like hey, people in your network, let's keep them up to date with what you're working on, which I think is cool to like, nurture your audience. 
**Eric Lay** *[16:32]*: But if you want to attract more people, like new people, and grow an audience of like, target customers, it's being very explicit in calling out your icp. So instead of doing the generic, like, hey, updating people, doing more thought leadership around calling out the people that actually matter to you. So for us, like, this is an example client of ours. Like, you know, you sell to heads of finance. You know, for you, if you're selling to directors of emergency management, you could be like, if I was the director of emergency management at a local state and I was planning to, and I want to prevent damages for upcoming natural disasters, here are the three most important systems that you need to have in place. 
**Eric Lay** *[17:19]*: And so like, turning you into the source of truth and like the, the resource right for people to know how to level up their career. And the most important part here. And there's so many variations of content that we've seen work for thought leadership, but the common thread for almost all of our thought leadership is calling out very explicitly the actual job title and the actual, like, Persona of who you're creating for. Because the LinkedIn algorithm doesn't know that you're trying to attract these directors of emergency management. They have no idea. And so, like, you're probably going to get a bunch of AES who connect with you or who are trying to sell you things, or you're going to get a bunch of agency owners, or you're going to get other, you know, people who want a job, right? 
**Eric Lay** *[18:04]*: Recruiters, right, trying to, like, connect with you. And those aren't people you care to attract. And so, like, how do you change the algorithm to attract the people that matter? It's actually being very explicit because in the LinkedIn feed, they only see the first line or two when they're scrolling through. And it's, you want to write the post where someone is like, well, I am a director of emergency management. Wow, this is the very first post I've seen on a feed that is actually meant for me. And they're going to see more and they're going to read it. They might even share it with their peers. They might engage with it. And now LinkedIn is going to see that. Oh, wow. Like, most people aren't engaging with this content, but people adjacent to this emergency management role seem to be engaging with this. 
**Eric Lay** *[18:48]*: We should be serving this content to more of these people. And that's how they kind of figure out. It's like seeing the patterns. But the only way to really help optimize that is to make sure that first line they see is, it's very explicit who it's for and who it's not for. So that's like one, like, tangible adjustment I'd have if you have to start doing some of this thought leadership content. 
**Grady Joseph** *[19:10]*: Yeah, that makes perfect sense. You know, like, one of the thing I don't have. I don't necessarily have time. It's important, but I don't have time to dig into, like, what makes the LinkedIn algorithm, you know, do its thing and drive that. Right. And so, and just takes a lot of mental bandwidth to, you know, think up these posts without turning it into a bunch of AI slop. Yeah. 
**Eric Lay** *[19:33]*: That's all. 
**Eric Lay** *[19:35]*: Yeah. And that's why people hire us, right? It's like, hey, like, you know, you're an expert in your space. We're an expert in LinkedIn. And so, like, what we do, like, in terms of our process is like, we'll run interviews with you to gather the context we need, because we'll never pretend to be experts in your space, nor do we care to be. It's not, it's not why you bring us in. You bring us in to capture your story, capture your expertise and experience, pull that from you and then write it in a way that will be served to your target customer. And that's like, the way we think about it. And so, you know, it's just like content interviews. Right? So like, that's because at the end of day, you can never fully delegate this. 
**Eric Lay** *[20:17]*: Like, if you want to have the best personal content, like, we can have AI research, we can even hire a PhD in this world or whatever. But, but there's still, like, the content's not going to land on your account, even if were the most knowledgeable in your industry, because, like, the content that really resonates, it's the content that comes from your mouth. So there is going to be some component of you engaging with us, but now you have to stress about the strategy. You don't need to stress about the execution. You just need to sit there and just answer questions and then from there we can sort of write the post. 
**Grady Joseph** *[20:50]*: Cool. 
**Eric Lay** *[20:51]*: Yeah, yeah. Other formats, storytelling. I mean, your industry is so great for this too, because, like, there's so many amazing stories that we could tell. I. I almost feel guilty, you know, getting excited about it, because I know it's really bad for others, but, I mean, they're great stories. It's why I like CNN and, you know, like, Everybody looks at the news like because they want to. The media that gets some of the most engagement, you know, in mainstream media is like natural disasters for. Which is unfortunate, but I mean, yourselves. Yeah, it's. So we definitely can help you tell these stories. Right. Where it's like this wildfire, this LA wildfire, like some like heartfelt stories of conversations you had with government officials. 
**Eric Lay** *[21:38]*: You could even like lean on the pain points of how they are not doing enough or they are doing enough or they're doing a lot and people don't. Or maybe you could play the side of the target buyer to be like, they are working really hard, they're trying their best. So now you get those. But they don't have the resources, they don't have the funding, they don't have the tech. And like, if only they had X, Y and Z. So like we could tell this or conversations. And I'm sure you've got dozens and dozens of conversations of you talking to these different government officials and like the crazy stories that they've had to deal with to try and prevent a hurricane disaster. 
**Grady Joseph** *[22:16]*: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean it's very, it's a super rich content opportunity for sure. People like the stories and especially the good stuff and hearing like the inside. Right. I think what I've always found is the media tells a certain narrative, but the reality is quite a bit, you know, messier or less clean than, you know, what the LA Times or whatever major media outlet will have you think. 
**Eric Lay** *[22:43]*: Yeah, and it's really when I think about storytelling, it's about building trust. It's showing to your target audience that you understand them. And so it's not actually optimized for consumer. So we'd probably tell the stories that resonate not with the end consumer, but the stories that would resonate with the directors of these sort of government organizations. Right. So it's like how do you tell the story that would make them feel like you are understanding all the shit that they have to go through to try and get anything across. Right. And that's probably the core of like, you know, a lot of the stories we tell. But yeah, probably the most exciting thing like obviously the news and stories and thought leadership are all very interesting, is really the bottom funnel content. 
**Eric Lay** *[23:28]*: Because this is where as a startup you're like, how do we turn this into pipeline? And so what we do here is we do this almost social bribing thing where it's just leaning into buyer psychology where I scratch your back, you Scratch mine. And so you can become the source of truth to feature government officials or directors of public works or directors of emergency management who are doing great work, whether you think they actually are or not. You can say that you can be like you're, you know, In California, you're 25 directors of emergency management that are keeping your state safe. And you know, here's like some of the initiatives that they've kind of ran or whatever. Or you do like this narrative post, like most people have no idea what directors of emergency management actually do. It's not blah, blah, it's actually this. 
**Eric Lay** *[24:23]*: And there's more than. And you know, they get all the flack on social media when disaster strikes. But like, you know, they're the ones protecting, well, shout out here, tag a bunch of them. And the beauty of this is like they love that. Like they love the fact that you know, show them appreciation publicly among other peers and they will very likely engage with the post. And now when you go reach out to someone here, you're going to get a 10x higher meeting booking rate. And typically when I run a post like this, I'm booking three to ten meetings from a single post, combining it with a warm out strategy. 
**Eric Lay** *[25:00]*: And so like for you with your contract sizes now, I'm not going to say that you're going to book three to 10 like CMOs, receptive to it, but definitely exponentially higher than whatever you're doing now on like cold. And so like, you know, even if we get you one meeting, right, and you convert even just 10% of that, but you know, at $250,000 deals, you know, each post of this could be valued at $25,000. And so I think there's a huge opportunity to do like this sort of content. 
**Grady Joseph** *[25:30]*: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. 
**Eric Lay** *[25:33]*: And then there's like more and more. We've done like how we want HubSpot as a logo. You know, we did an individual target. So let's say you want to go whale hunting or you, there's like, hey, we really want to win the LA county, right? Yeah, we want to win like the broader LA metropolitan area. Like how do we get them? It's like, then we could do a research post, figure out all the decision makers, like the 10 different people you want to really build influence with and shout out not just what the overall county is doing well, but shout out what each individual is doing and we'll do our research. We make a post and they're going to feel like, wow, like this guy did all the research. They're showing us appreciation. 
**Eric Lay** *[26:16]*: And what happened after this HubSpot post is we booked a plus meetings with separate people in the HubSpot. Org and then did the whole like long sales process. But I mean for us it was heavily accelerated, 45 days and they became a customer and we started work with them. So there's also like a science and an art for how we could help target it. And so I think this, hopefully this gets you excited on the opportunity and you know what you could do for yourself. 
**Grady Joseph** *[26:44]*: Yeah, absolutely. 
**Eric Lay** *[26:45]*: Yeah. Any like questions on a lot because I know I gave many. There's even more different strategies. Right. But I think we're very thoughtful on like how we want to architect your. Your content with the goal of making you the face of this sort of niche industry and then driving that into pipeline. 
**Grady Joseph** *[27:07]*: How do you guys handle, I guess like the brand itself? Terrafor is like the LinkedIn company page versus like myself as the CEO and co founder, other members of the team. 
**Eric Lay** *[27:17]*: Yeah, we have a lot of data on this and so like, you know, I'll tell you what we do and what we get our clients to do. It's. We see like 10x100x better performance on the individual accounts. It's just they trust the people they want to buy from the people not from the org. And so like what ends up happening is like we'll post on the CEO's account and then the company will repost it. Sometimes companies do the other way around and the performance of the content is way worse. And so like we always say, you know, build the CEO profile, it's great for you, but it's also better for the company. 
**Grady Joseph** *[27:55]*: Yeah, totally. Okay, that makes sense. More authentic feeling. 
**Eric Lay** *[27:59]*: Exactly. Because it's the trust. They buy from people. 
**Grady Joseph** *[28:03]*: Yeah. Okay, cool. And then just from like a process perspective. So you guys mentioned interviews, a content interview type of situation. I think we talked about three posts per week for six grand a month. What does that like, I guess time commitment look like? And how does like what's. What's needed from me, you know, within or outside of the content interviews. 
**Eric Lay** *[28:30]*: So yeah, so for you it'll be one to maybe two hours a month for one or two content interviews. And then we do weekly strategy sessions. And so if it's you or if it's salesperson, like do you have you know, BDR or AE or you know how to sales anything or an EA ops? 
**Grady Joseph** *[28:52]*: Yeah, yeah, we've got, I've got team members that are on like the off side of things. 
**Eric Lay** *[28:57]*: Got it. Okay. So, yeah, so we'll do weekly strategy sessions where we'll go over what's working and what isn't. And then we do analytics reviews where we can look and go over attribution to see how many meetings are booked, how many of the connections and the engagements are actually being responded to. So that's really important. I think it could be a couple hours a day where you're responding to the ICP engagements on your, you know, on your posts. But, you know, that's the meat and potatoes of it. So we'll help coach and make sure that you're using all the best practices for doing that outreach. 
**Grady Joseph** *[29:42]*: Got it. So you guys are gonna, we'll post three times a week or whatever. And then in those strategy reviews, you guys will say, you know, you didn't respond to these comments and do this, and this, and if you had, you would, you know, boost it by this and all that sort of stuff, right? 
**Eric Lay** *[29:57]*: Yeah, we light a fire, you know, under you. And, and then we do a month worth of content. We'll, we'll write a month worth of content in advance. And we work on this interface called Ordinal, where you'll see all the posts. You can comment, do revisions, qa, and then we don't post anything that you don't approve of. And then we can get into your, you know, we could post on your behalf for LinkedIn. 
**Grady Joseph** *[30:26]*: Okay, cool. 
**Eric Lay** *[30:28]*: By the way, we have. So I told you, the startup discount that we have on the three posts a week, that extends also to the 20 posts a week option. We find that the more posts that you do, the quicker time to value it is. So just something to consider. Whether you're doing the low tier or the high tier. The 25 off still applies. 
**Grady Joseph** *[30:48]*: Okay, awesome. Well, I think, you know, just from a budgetary perspective, I'm more in the three posts per week at the moment, but goes well, then I'm in the 25 posts a week. 
**Eric Lay** *[31:02]*: Yeah. 
**Eric Lay** *[31:03]*: Okay, great. 
**Eric Lay** *[31:03]*: Yeah, I mean, we always want to get some good results. And then our clients, they're all expanding more seats, higher tiers once they see it, so that totally makes sense. Do you have a idea of when you would want to get started? Is this an ASAP thing or do you have any triggers that you're waiting for? 
**Grady Joseph** *[31:24]*: No, not particularly. We're going to a big conference in March. We're going to do kind of a soft launch of the company with a bunch of state emergency management directors. So Sooner rather than later, probably in the next couple weeks if you guys are doing onboarding back to the second week of March. March. I think that probably works. 
**Eric Lay** *[31:48]*: Yeah. And, and depending on your sales cycle. Which is, which is how long from. 
**Grady Joseph** *[31:55]*: From. 
**Eric Lay** *[31:56]*: I forget from our first call. 
**Grady Joseph** *[31:59]*: Kind of varies. So like our plat, we can stand up our platform for customers in a couple of hours. So we've got. 
**Eric Lay** *[32:06]*: That's right. 
**Grady Joseph** *[32:07]*: It's super quick. That's what happens. We deploy to the area and we sign them up immediately in matter of hours and then others are months. 
**Eric Lay** *[32:18]*: So we, it takes about three weeks prep for us to go live with content. So we can do the kickoff mid March and then three weeks later we would do your first post. Does that align with what you're thinking? 
**Eric Lay** *[32:33]*: Yeah. 
**Eric Lay** *[32:34]*: Great. 
**Grady Joseph** *[32:35]*: Well, I guess any box the beginning of April then would be the kind of first. 
**Eric Lay** *[32:42]*: Yeah, we can aim to try to get it by then. Yeah. Like are there any boxes are left unchecked on your side or things that you want to get more clarity on. 
**Eric Lay** *[32:53]*: Or should we send over paperwork? 
**Grady Joseph** *[32:59]*: No, I mean, I think it's pretty straightforward. I think it makes sense to me. The content writing. So you mentioned that do you guys have AI that scrapes all the LinkedIn? Is a human writing each of these posts or is the human overseeing agents that are posts? Yeah, I'm in the agent, I think. 
**Eric Lay** *[33:22]*: Yeah, plus agent. So like the way we think about agent. It's like if you were to write content today, you know, I don't know how much you've tried with content with like Claude or ChatGPT. Like you might use cloud or chat to like ask it to research and then ask it to write something. So it's like it's the human telling the AI what to do. But I think the difference is like the access to data that our AI has it. Like we have access to data that, you know, Claude and ChatGPT do not have access to. So it's like it's a collaborative effort where it's because of the software that allows us to deliver higher quality content to be able to like empower like the writer. 
**Grady Joseph** *[34:05]*: Okay, that makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah. I don't have a ton of additional questions, honestly. I think what you're discussing makes a ton of sense and pretty straightforward value proposition. So what are your, what are the contracts look like month to month or is it a annual commitment up front? 
**Eric Lay** *[34:33]*: So we do, we try and do annual, you know, that's our preferred method. But for startups we understand that a pilot period is, you know, work. So, you know, if we can do, if we do quarterly billing, we do a three month pilot or six month pilot or something like that, you know, whatever you prefer. But yeah, it'll be 6k a month upfront, quarterly billing. 
**Grady Joseph** *[35:03]*: Okay. All right. We'll probably go with a quarter by quarter just to see how it's going and make sure it's all like working out for us. Then we can go from there. 
**Eric Lay** *[35:16]*: Got it. And just to like balance, like capacity. I just want to make sure we can block something off in advance just so I can start relaying my content team to start like prepping and getting things ready. You were thinking the week of the 16th. What kind of availability do you have then? 
**Grady Joseph** *[35:43]*: Week of the 16th is gonna be. It should be pretty good. Wednesday, the 18th is great, very flexible right now. I'll be traveling the beginning part of the week. So Monday, Tuesday, probably not good, but the 18th of the 20th are pretty clear after 10:00am Got it. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:08]*: Okay. What time zone are you in? Are you. Where are you based? 
**Grady Joseph** *[36:12]*: Yeah, we're in San Francisco. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:14]*: Oh, do you, Are you in the city? 
**Grady Joseph** *[36:17]*: Yeah. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:18]*: Okay, well, if you want to come to our office or we can come to you. Like, do you work out office? Like what's convenient? Because we could do the onboarding in person, meet the. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:27]*: Be great to onboard in person. You actually meet your writer and Melissa and stuff like that. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:31]*: Yeah. 
**Grady Joseph** *[36:31]*: Why don't we plan to come to your office? I'll come to your office. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:35]*: Yeah, we're at Union Square, so be nice and pretty central right off the Bart Rich. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:42]*: We do it over lunch and is. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:43]*: It possible we can do, I mean, if we want to do it in the evening, then we can buy him dinner. 
**Grady Joseph** *[36:51]*: Yeah, that work for me. 
**Eric Lay** *[36:53]*: So like if we do like five to six for a kickoff on like the 18th, then we can plan to do a dinner together and you know, celebrate an awesome partnership. Perfect. 
**Grady Joseph** *[37:06]*: Sounds like a plan. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:07]*: All right, then I will block that off and then if. Yeah, and then I will send you that invite. We could set a connect to Slack, we'll draft an agreement for you and then if you have any questions, we go back and forth. But John will probably coordinate all the details to get things set up. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:24]*: But yeah, I could send it over a contract on DocuSign so you can review and just let me know. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:29]*: But yeah, super excited. And I didn't know you were in San Francisco. We love working with clients that are able to do it in person. Because I feel like it's easier to get the alignment. And then you can just call us. You can, you know, come do our content reviews in our office if you want. If you want that. I think that's always fun. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:46]*: Yeah. And this will be fun. This will be fun. I think it's exciting content for our writers, too. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:50]*: Yeah. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:51]*: It's much better than writing about, like, the. The AI infra. This will be good. 
**Eric Lay** *[37:59]*: Yeah. Absolutely. 
**Grady Joseph** *[38:00]*: Awesome. Super excited, guys. Well, thank you very much for the time. Appreciate it. 
**Eric Lay** *[38:03]*: Likewise. 
**Eric Lay** *[38:04]*: Bye. Grady, take off. 
**Grady Joseph** *[38:07]*: Bye. Bye. 
