# Content Interview: Mark Schwartz (Trimble)

**Meeting Date:** 9th Mar, 2026 - 8:30 AM

---

**Mark Schwartz** *[00:00]*: So we get to our destination. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[00:03]*: Well, so you are in the UK now, right? Yeah, yeah. Amazing. Well, this is going to be fun. Don't worry, I'm going to make this interesting for both of us and I think jumping right in. My goal for today is just to get to know you a little bit better and understand your unique takes on the industry, on your icp, understand a little bit what the product or offering does. And this is all with the goal of creating content that I will use this transcript to create that is valuable, interesting, useful, savable, actionable for your ICP and start kind of warming up your account to be kind of in that realm, you know, so we need to essentially make this conversation very targeted towards something that your ICP would find interesting. Does that make sense so far? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[01:10]*: Yeah, absolutely. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[01:12]*: Amazing. So why don't we just jump right in and why don't you tell me in your own words in as much detail as possible what you, how you would describe your icp, which we said was cio, CEO, owner, operator in mid market construction companies. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[01:35]*: Yeah, I mean these are a group of individuals that are tasked with some very difficult problems. They have big enough companies to be fragmented, to lack data consistency, to lack, you know, I would say consistent policy and operating procedures. You know, oftentimes they lack a robust ERP system that gives them a good control environment to operate their company. And you know, these companies have grown over time to wind up in this situation. I used to liken it to when I fortune some early stage startups. You know, it's the last thing that gets invested in is like the ERP system. Like you saw, you wake up one day at $10 million of revenue and you're on QuickBooks and then suddenly you have to invest a million dollars and in putting in better practices and controls. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[02:39]*: You can see you woke up one day and you're a real company with legitimate revenue and risk and that changes the game for a lot of these people. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[02:53]*: Yeah, that makes sense. And so essentially it sounds like what you're describing is like a person that is tasked with operating a very strong, very big business with a lot of moving parts, but with potentially lack of tooling or like lack of like cleaned up procedures. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[03:11]*: You would say yeah, because it's not inherent in their nature. Like most of these people, you know, built their business by building things, not by building technology or understanding, you know, data interacts and what those requirements are to get the best use of technology. I mean this is a, it's an afterthought that they don't even consider as they grow. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[03:42]*: Yeah. And, and otherwise apart from that, like what do they, what do they have responsibility over on the day to day? And like what does their week look like operationally? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[03:55]*: Depends on the company and the size. And I think it varies quite a bit like we talked about last week. You know, so many of these companies are actually fairly small even in the mid market by you know, technology company standards. And so, you know, it really can depend, you know, but I think a lot of them are trying to take advantage of the tools and technology that are out there, but don't know the steps they have to take to get ready to be able to take full advantage of those. And so, you know, day to day, week to week, a lot of it is just trying to understand the technology and tools that are being used and trying to understand how they actually are doing things so that they can even consider what technology to wrap around it. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[04:56]*: We talk about technology requires people process. Well, technology enablement requires people process and technology. And the technology is actually the easy part, but understanding the people, what they're doing, how they're doing it, understanding the process of how things get done and then applying the technology, those two things is, you know, out of the norm of their history, but needs to become center of their attention and their day to day, week to week job profiles. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[05:29]*: And so like this particular like CIO or I would say we're narrowing in on the cio, right? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[05:39]*: Yeah, but you won't get to, you really won't get to a CIO until you get to several hundred million dollars of revenue. Before that you're oftentimes dealing with, you know, the CEO or the owner operator that's also playing that role. Or you know, maybe they have a BIM manager or some other person on the side that's kind of doing some of it. That's how it gets messy. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[06:03]*: Yeah, but it sounds like, I mean the CEO of a mid market construction company is like overseeing a ton of different, I guess, construction initiatives that can range from, I don't know, real estate to building an institution. Is, is that right? Am I. Yeah. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[06:23]*: I mean they're running every phase of the business and you know, oftentimes these are construction professionals that grew a business and haven't ever learned necessarily how to run a business. So they don't know what they don't know. Just like any other small business that gets larger over time and so they're late to invest in A lot of the things they need to as it grows up and at some point they go, oh well, I don't know what I'm doing here, so I should bring in a cio. And then that helps move the process along quite a bit because that ICP knows, you know, what they need to help the company. But oftentimes they're already playing from years behind at that point. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[07:17]*: Yeah. And so essentially they've kind of moved up the ranks and the whole construction like world slash industry amalgamated like some team and then started taking on bigger and bigger projects. But the process of like having that growth from a responsibility perspective doesn't necessarily translate to knowing how to run a company and knowing all the internal systems that are needed to make it run efficiently, which it sounds like. That's where Trimble comes in. Is that right? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[07:46]*: Exactly. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[07:48]*: Okay, perfect. Why don't you tell me like a little bit about how like this icp would you consider them like technical or non technical? And how much does that vary? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[08:05]*: Well, I think if you're on the smaller side of the pyramid and you're dealing with These owner operators, CEOs, it's non technical. As you deal with, you start to get into the bigger companies that have IT departments and CIOs, it's more technical. So I think you gotta, but I do think even when it is technical, you're operating on a baseline of years ago because they're just so far behind. Even the best in the industry are years behind at implementing technology at scale. And so you can't, I mean you can go to a point like we used to say, everybody, every one of our customers would ask us about AI. And if you ask them two follow up questions about why they're asking, they couldn't answer it. They knew enough to say AI, they knew enough to maybe even say agentic AI. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[08:58]*: But if you tried to go any deeper than that, you know, you got funny looks back. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[09:04]*: Yeah. And, and therefore let's move into their typical journey for discovering Trimble. How would they hear about Trimble? How would you basically get in front of them generally? And what would that conversation look like? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[09:23]*: Well, when you talk to Heather, I suppose you'll get a better, deeper answer than this. But I'll tell you, historically were very good at being out in the field, you know, dirty boots, selling to a user or a project. And historically weren't great at selling to, isolating and selling tops down to the CEO and then driving that technology adoption into the company. Gotten a lot Better that over the last couple of years. But I still think a good part of our capture and logo capture comes from more of that kind of one off. You know, get this user, get that user, get this group of users. And we're not quite as competent other than with our ERP systems at getting adoption at the C suite and driving it down. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[10:17]*: So Heather has a deeper understanding of kind of the juror, the buyer journey than I do. So she can probably add a lot of color to that when you talk to her. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[10:28]*: Yeah. But in general, you guys have in person boots on the ground, like sales funnel, I guess I would call it, where people would go out and kind of speak to these construction managers or owners and then try to show them the value of Trimble Technologies, I guess. And then what you're saying is you would rather go from the top down to that owner operator Persona that probably is on LinkedIn to kind of show them essentially why they should consider something like Trimble, right? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[11:01]*: Yeah, exactly. And I think, you know, you want to capture. Yeah, I'd say like we understand the plight of the user or the manager or the field construction professional very well. We don't oftentimes understand deeply the plight of the CEO of that company. Like what problem is that person trying to solve and what challenges are they working through? And they oftentimes would be very different from maybe someone out at the job site or at the field. Or in the field. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[11:35]*: Yeah. And, but those are the people that we're trying to reach here. Right. So I would say that can we go into now more specifically what is unique about Trimble? Like explain it to me like I know nothing about Trimble and what transformation this provides for these first this Persona and why they would they should consider it. Essentially. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[12:10]*: At the end of the day, the short answer is it comes down to profit and productivity. It's if your workers and your teams are more productive, if they deliver faster, if they deliver on time, if they make less mistakes, the jobs they work on are more profitable, the company makes more money and everybody's happy. That being said, it's a lot more complicated than that. And it really comes down to some very complex set of tools and systems of systems that have to work together to actually achieve that outcome beyond the sound bite. And you have to fundamentally do work differently to achieve those outcomes. It's very similar to how, you know, using AI encoding today works where if you give a developer AI based tools to use, you'll get 8, 10, 12 or 15% productivity improvement. From that developer. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[13:16]*: But if you change the team structure and how they work and how those tools are used amongst them, you can get 30, 40 or 50% productivity. And so we spent years getting in the first 8 to 12% productivity by giving them these tools. And now if we can get them to fundamentally change how they're doing things and using the tools and how they're structured, then you get that next level of productivity. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[13:43]*: That's amazing because it's something we're also thinking about internally at Vireo, like how we're. How we can use and leverage our internal software to get more than those, like, 8, 10, 12%. But I'm curious, can you go in more detail what you mean by that? Like, you. It sounds like you're talking about orchestrating certain tools together orchestrating people using those tools together. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[14:11]*: Yeah, I mean, there's a little bit of both. So there's. There's the tool by itself, but then there's the tools working together. And the tools working together changes how you achieve the outcome. And that's kind of the hardest part. So you can get a user to use a tool, or you can convince a user that their job will be easier if they buy this and use it. That's a fairly easy sell. Now, convincing someone that all 2000 employees should do something differently, that's a much higher, heavier lift. It requires change management, it requires lots of training and onboarding, oftentimes data migration. You're basically changing how does their job harder and long side rules. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[15:06]*: Yeah. And so. And that's essentially what. What the challenge that Trimble has, I guess, in the sales cycle is that. Right, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[15:16]*: We've got really far doing the first bit of it, and now, you know, the next bit becomes, you know, wholesale transformation of these companies, that's a lot harder. And that you need the backing of the CEO, the cio, you know, the field, they used to say, you know, the. The corporate office didn't demand that people do anything you want, but, you know, it's hard to actually get the people in the field to do it just because you tell them to. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[15:51]*: Yeah, and that makes sense. So I want to essentially go a little bit deeper in this and say. And say, like in your mind, if you're this CIO operator online and you're running your company, given what we know about them and what we care about them. If you're looking at content from Mark. Right. What is. What would you consider content that they would find useful or. Yeah, basically useful or savable. What. What type of content do you think they're consuming? Like, how would we create a fit between the problems they're thinking about and the problems that we can help solve for them with actionable and useful content? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[16:51]*: I wish I knew the answer to that because then I probably wouldn't need you guys. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[17:00]*: But, you know, I think what resonates with most of these people is money, you know, productivity and profit. And I think that's the message that gets through the best. Because at the end of the day, I'm not sure they really care how, but everybody wants to make more money and everybody wants to save money and be more efficient. And so, you know, I think that's a message that resonates with all of them. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[17:34]*: Okay, and can you tell me specifically how Trimble does that? How does it, how does it save money? Let's start there and then we'll move into productivity and profit. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[17:47]*: It's actually exactly how you just said it. I mean, at the end of the day, using our tools increases productivity. It reduces rework, it reduces the use of material. And because of that, it makes you more productive and ultimately saves you money. There's a, a cartoon that went around years ago of. It was a giant dinghy, like almost a yacht. It was tied to this little smaller boat, almost in reverse. And the small boat said original contract and the dinghy said change order. So effectively a lot of the profit that a lot of these companies make is by things getting screwed up and them having to redo them. And you know, if you're the one paying it, you're not so happy about that equation. And we reduce that from happening. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[18:49]*: You reduce that. What? Sorry? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[18:52]*: We reduce those errors by making things more accurate by using the technology. And therefore you have less problems along the way, Less delays, less thrown away material, less, you know, painting it the wrong color and then repainting it or paving it the wrong way and then repaving it. All of that creates inefficiency. It delays timelines and costs money. When you use the technology, those things happen a lot less. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[19:25]*: Yeah. Can you actually dive into like a concrete example or any like concrete data that you might have to back that. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[19:33]*: Up because you said you have a concrete example. I'm going to use a concrete example. So, you know, were on a large job site by one of the biggest contractors in the United States and they were pouring concrete on highways, one floor per day. So every day they would pour at, in the middle of the night they would pour the floor and then about six hours later, they would pour the columns and then overnight, the next night they would pour the next floor. And this goes on for, you know, two or three months while they're building this high rise. And the job foreman, who use Tekla to look at the model and measure what they call takeoff, so measure amount of the concretes required for the pour that they're about to do. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[20:38]*: And use these 3D models in our TECLA software to quantify the amount of concrete that's required for the job. And they have these trucks that come in a big line and they have to pump the concrete all the way up 30 floors where they're pouring it. And so it's very hard to know how much is going in and how much is being used. And one concrete truck costs $50,000 to bring concrete to the site for all that material. Concrete actually also uses a lot of natural resources and it's making. So when this guy was going, he's a big TECLA user and when he was going on vacation for two weeks, he told the guy replacing him, this is like Tecla's going to give you a number of the amount of concrete to order. Order exactly that amount of concrete. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[21:37]*: And when you are watching that last truck pull up and you're looking at how much still needs to pour, you're going to want to order another truck. Every instinct you have is going to tell you to order another truck. Don't do it. Because it's actually so accurate that to get the last bit of the floor done, they're actually back flowing the concrete out of the hose into a wheelbarrow to bring it up the elevator and pour it in and just finish. I think the accuracy on that job was to seven yards of concrete, which is not a lot. That's a, that's a couple of wheelbarrows and concrete. You think of the amount of concrete in a floor of a high rise building. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[22:25]*: So that's, you know, the old way, you know, everybody using instincts, you know, that person's going to order a truck just to be safe. And you know, that'd be a $50,000 mistake. Twice a day for as long as they're pouring concrete. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[22:47]*: That makes sense. But you said Teclin. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[22:53]*: E K L A. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[22:57]*: T E A L A E K. I got it. And, and that's. Sorry, is that a product of yours or a different product? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[23:09]*: It's a product of ours. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[23:10]*: It's a product of yours. Okay. That's why it was so accurate. I thought originally I thought, okay, he's telling a story about a different one. That's interesting. How, how is it possible for you guys to have that level of accuracy? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[23:25]*: Well, these three dimensional cost constructible models are incredibly accurate when they're done. Well, and that's where we talk about changing how you do things and building things digitally before you build them physically. And having these precise BIM models really enhances your ability to execute the construction. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[23:54]*: Yeah, amazing. That, that's a perfect example of, that's a great example that we can use in content for sure. Do you have any other stories like that? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[24:06]*: I don't off the top of my head, but we can get you some. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[24:10]*: Yeah, I think if you guys were able to send over some case studies, we could definitely format those into pieces of content. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[24:19]*: Yeah, Heather's team would have all those. So you can ask her for all the case studies we have. I'm sure they can produce them. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[24:25]*: Yeah, perfect. So I also saw that there's an AECO platform. Am I getting that right? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[24:36]*: Yes. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[24:37]*: And it's really a construction. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[24:40]*: Platform, but yes, I mean it's. The group sits within my group that makes it so within AUCs. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[24:51]*: And can you tell me in the simplest terms possible, what problem does it solve? Why should a CEO care about it? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[25:00]*: I'll let the guy next to me, since he runs that group, he'll tell you. So I'm going to put him on speaker. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[25:06]*: Okay, perfect. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[25:26]*: Hold on. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[25:28]*: Hello. How's it going? How's it going? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[25:32]*: There we go. You want to ask that again? 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[25:38]*: Yeah. So I was wondering if you could describe the AECO platform in terms of what it does in the simplest terms possible. What problem does it solve? And why should a CEO care. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[25:57]*: In the. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[25:58]*: Hi, this is Chris. In the simplest terms possible? Well, it's not a thing. Our job is to make Trimble feel like one thing and that it helps them connect to everything else they do in their daily lives and with the other tools they use. So our jobs, like the big fancy word is we have to be extensible and open and that's the way that we think about platform. So it's not like a thing we're building. It's to tie all the things we have within triple together. And so would you think about it like Google workspace? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[26:40]*: Like, you know, you can. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[26:42]*: Put a spreadsheet in a slide and if you change the spreadsheet it will update in the slide. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[26:49]*: It's yeah, it's the glue that holds. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[26:52]*: All of these different tools together, whether they're Trimble tools or even tools that aren't Trimble, to help our customers be able to get all that work done. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[27:03]*: Okay, and does that mean that they. This is not necessarily the first product of yours that they might discover? Like, it's probably something that they get to when they're trying to string things together or have you started projects just on the. As the selling point being this platform? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[27:23]*: I think it's both. I think some people learn about us by coming in through the platform, maybe being invited to it on a project. There's a lot of collaboration that goes on within there, you know, and for others, they don't even know it exists. It's all behind the scenes. And even though, you know, they may be using two Trimble tools and data may be flowing through the platform, they may not actually ever be going in via that mechanism to go to see what's going on. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[28:00]*: Yeah, okay, sounds good. And generally what would they be using before if they're not using you or like, how are they doing things poorly? Like, can you explain that state is it essentially like they're just using a bunch of different tools. They're not connected. They are using technology that is not as accurate as yours, so they end up wasting materials. And so your unique value proposition is not only that each individual tool is stronger and higher performant, high, better predictability, but also that you can string them all together and make these like huge gains from a workforce course perspective because everything is running like clockwork essentially and smoothly. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[28:44]*: I mean, I think that the things that we're competing against, most likely they're using, you know, Microsoft Excel or they're writing on paper or cardboard. SharePoint. SharePoint. They still have drafting tables where they look at, you know, printed out drawings or you sort of said it. They are, they're actually on tool overload. You know, they can go into the bigger ones and they've got all, they bought, all their little departments have bought so many different applications and tools now their problem is they have to stitch them together. So buying the platform from Trimble, it's more connected and they have to, they can expect that it all works together more seamlessly than they would if they bought a, you know, 50 different point solutions to solve little smaller problems. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[29:31]*: Yeah. And so those new tools that you come with, I guess both hardware and software, is that right? Like are they equipped now instead of pen and paper, they will use like a digital iPad to manage things on site or how does that actually work? And how do you guys facilitate that adoption? Like transition. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[29:57]*: Take that one. Yeah, I mean, they're absolutely. You'll definitely see iPads and iPhones on the job site. They're also using, whether it's. Camera, they're capturing, you know, 360 imagery, they're using drones. All that data has to land somewhere, too. You got to get it off the hardware and into the cloud. And that's where some of our platform capabilities, like triple connect, come into play to consolidate all that data into one spot. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[30:39]*: And so actually, I'd love to do a post about that. Like, in terms of the before and after, can you describe the before and after of, like, before Trimble. After Trimble that you most typically see? And if you have, like, numbers or data or evidence of, like, the impact that this has over time, that would be great too. But maybe start with like, you know, before Trimble, they were using pen and paper and Excel and this and that, and then we adopted this and this happened. That kind of thing. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[31:16]*: Yeah, I mean, I think. Well, I'm sure there's lots of examples. I'm thinking about layout. Yeah, I mean, you'll get a ton in the case studies, but I think, you know, and we can give you some. Some documentation on the connected workflows that help fill in those gaps. But, you know, if you think about, like, you know, the ERP being able to. Someone being able to. To dispatch a surveyor out to go measure how much dirt has been moved so they can send out a progress bill, you know, historically, you know, you'd have to call the. The survey company. They would, you know, maybe call you back, maybe not. And then you get them to go out and they go out there a few days later and they go back and they process them. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[32:05]*: And then several days go by and they send you some amounts, and then you have to take those amounts and enter them in another system, and then that tells you how much to bill. Now that's all done with just a couple of clicks of a button, and the surveyors out, takes the readings. The readings automatically flow back into the system, and the bill can be calculated automatically and then sent down and even paid, you know, and that can happen in, you know, all over the course of one day. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[32:37]*: Oh, amazing. And so they basically would just take their camera, scan everything, get an estimate, pay the estimate, and then that's done. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[32:49]*: Yeah, they use survey equipment called GNSS equipment to basically take very accurate readings of the. Of the conditions of. On the site to be Able to tell exactly how much dirt's been moved at any given time. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[33:15]*: Yeah. And moving on to the next question. So let's say that a construction company comes to you and they say, oh, yeah, our tech stack is pretty well integrated. What are the two or three questions maybe you ask to find out if that's actually true? Can you walk me through how that discussion kind of generally goes to do that discovery? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[33:42]*: I wouldn't know. I don't ever do that. So I'd have to. I'd have to ask what our salesforce is saying or. Yeah, Dwayne. I mean, at the enterprise level for sure, you know, we have a team of people that maps out, you know, all their workflows and all their. All the technology they're using at different phases and then tries to map, you know, the gaps and figure out where to plug it in. But I'll have to follow up with. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[34:08]*: You and get you the specific, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[34:11]*: You know, conversations we have on a regular basis of where the value is created and what value proposition we're talking about. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[34:19]*: Yeah, yeah. And so what do you feel like you, Mark, can confidently speak on intern, like, in terms of what is your scope of like, what you touch and what is the, like, I guess, the proprietary data or like IP that you have as an individual that you think that the buyer would find interesting? And like, how can we build a perspective around your specific expertise? Because ultimately I want. We're going to do a lot of content interviews. And what my goal is to just extract things from your brain that would be valuable to the audience and position Trimble as something interesting that they would consider. What is something you feel you can rip on that, like, only you have this perspective and that your ICP would find it valuable? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[35:09]*: Well, if we're talking about Mark, not Trimble, it's more on the technology itself, meaning how it, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[35:19]*: You know, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[35:20]*: More strategically how that technology, you know, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[35:23]*: Comes into play and how it's used. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[35:26]*: Like I said to you guys last week, like, I'm not a domain person. I've never worked in construction. I don't actually even know how to use a lot of our tools. So oftentimes the worst person to ask when it gets to that, but I can tell you how workflows work and how data integrates at the connection points and how transforming the digital workflows that are connected helps how AI comes together to play a role in that. So way more on the technology side than the domain side. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[36:06]*: Yeah, that makes sense. And so, but Like, I assume that there is a buyer, like a buyer Persona when they're considering Trimble that is sitting down to make that technology decision. Right. So like, does this, do you know if like this level of detail on the technology is discussed or do you think that them being non technical makes them. I mean, I, I mean I would presume that like there is some level of a technical discussion during the sales process with the buyer. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[36:45]*: Absolutely. And they, and they want to learn and they want to understand. They just don't come from a good baseline. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[36:51]*: So what do you think they want to learn? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[36:56]*: Well, I go back to like, they want to understand how technology can make their job easier, better, and how they can be more productive. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[37:04]*: And make more money doing it and. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[37:05]*: How technology, you know, they are generally curious as to how technology can impact that and create a better outcome for them. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[37:16]*: Yeah, but do you think that they're interested in like how the technology works on the back end or the things? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[37:24]*: No, not really. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[37:26]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[37:29]*: Our customers are very outcome focused. Like they're looking for an outcome, they want the outcome. They don't care how the sausage is made at the end of the day. And in many cases they just want. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[37:44]*: To be told how to do it. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[37:45]*: And then they'll go do it. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[37:49]*: Yeah, but so do you guys find the adoption, do you guys have any adoption, like issues in terms of like. Yeah, it seems like you can sell Trimble like up, down, left, right, center, because it seems like a no brainer. But how do you actually get them to change behavior on the field and learn? Because there is some level of like learning these tools. Right. How do you guys. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[38:19]*: We have to plot, we provide a lot of training. We, we spend a lot of time with them, teaching them how to use these tools and have customer success teams and you know, training teams and professional services, implementation teams, partner teams. I mean it's a, is a very large and complex business. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[38:44]*: Yeah. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[38:44]*: And so it's highly sophisticated in how. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[38:47]*: It has to tackle those things. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[38:51]*: Yeah. And how long does that usually take with the new customer? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[38:55]*: Depends on the tool and what they're using or what capability set. I mean, I think it, while it's not totally random, I mean it's very diverse in outcomes. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[39:10]*: And would you, do you generally find that people, maybe I asked you this already, but that people will buy one product and then expand to more and then you have to like deploy more training for them or is it like all the time? Okay, so they have like a gateway drug kind of situation. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[39:29]*: The majority of our customers start with one product. It oftentimes is one of our key systems of record. So either a design engineering tool, an erp, a project management tool, oftentimes one of the other big ones is estimating, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[39:54]*: Which I would say is probably not. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[39:55]*: A system of record, but it's an easy one to get started with it that brings in others. So, you know, lately, you know, a very key sales play for us is to get project management or estimating into a customer and then expand from there to ERP or other more advanced tools. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[40:17]*: Okay, and what do you think ultimately makes them want to make that transition? Is that there. Is it that they're seeing? Like, is it more, hey, this is really easy to use and like, better than my workflow before, or this is having a huge impact on our efficiency? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[40:36]*: Try the latter. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[40:37]*: I think, you know, people start to. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[40:40]*: See the return from doing things a different way, and then they want more of that. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[40:45]*: Yeah. And. And the return that they generally feel is like, what is that? Times saved? Or like materials that went, that used, that got used rather than being wasted. What would you say is the biggest variable, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[41:04]*: The bigger, the biggest value. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[41:06]*: Biggest value driver is usually time saved on human capital. So, like, effectively, productivity of the people. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[41:17]*: That the industry is. Is hundreds of thousands of people short to deliver the work they've already contracted to do. And so anything that saves man hours or human hours is a massive benefit to them. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[41:40]*: And everything else is gravy. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[41:43]*: That's interesting. So I like what you said in terms of the industry is hundreds of thousands of people short. Why is that? And can you. Is there anything else I should know about the industry dynamics that you think is important to mention about the construction industry? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[42:02]*: Yeah, I mean, there's just. For years, there's been less people, less and less people going into the field. And the population of the workers in the field is getting older and more retiring. And despite a lot of efforts by Trimble and our peers and construction companies to do more, to lure people into. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[42:24]*: These trades and into these, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[42:28]*: These fields, it's been short. Construction's broken up into three pillars. Labor, equipment, and materials. And we can make more equipment and we can. We can buy more materials, but the labor, you can't create. And you know, that's been. That's been the thing holding back construction productivity for years. There just aren't enough people to do the work. And so it goes into backlog. And even if, you know, even if the government did more Stimulus for constructions, that I'm going to put another trillion dollars into construction to stimulate the economy, which often happens when there's poor economic conditions. There isn't any more people to do the work. So it just goes into everybody's backlog. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[43:20]*: Wow. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[43:21]*: And why, when you hear all these date, we see these data center companies going like, oh, we're. We're going to spend another. We're going to commit another $800 billion to data centers for AI like that. All that stuff is just piling up. It may never even get done. It's all words because you can't actually make it fast enough. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[43:42]*: But can you explain why, like, is. Has it been on a steady decline of construction workers historically? Or, like, why what is happening in the industry or the market that you think is having this downward force? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[43:55]*: Like, I think that the number of people working in construction has been flat to down for years. We, we've increased the amount of construction that's required. We've increased the cost of things that we build, We've increased the productivity through tools, but the number of people working has declined. That's basically offset all the advancements we make by productivity with the tools. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[44:25]*: Yeah, I see that. But do you think that's because it's like, my generation is like, less handy and we want to be working office jobs and using AI or whatever? Like, because like, I mean, construction has been around since the dawn of humanity, you know, So I find it interesting that it's going down. But I mean, like, I guess you said it like, we need more construction and the cost is getting higher. What, what are the things that, like, influence the cost of construction? Just so that I have an idea, the same three. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[45:04]*: Labor, equipment, and materials. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[45:07]*: And so therefore, like, labor is more expensive over time, equipment is more expensive. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[45:11]*: Over time because materials is massively more expensive because of inflation. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[45:18]*: Yeah, yeah. And. And so I mean, it sounds like Trimble, you said is. Is kind of positioning themselves to like, make construction sites more profitable. But art, do you see that you're. You guys are trying to solve this other problem, which is like this labor problem, or are you guys doing anything or pulling any levers to improve that through your products or through other initiatives? Or is that not in the scope? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[45:49]*: Yeah, that's it. That's effectively how we do it. So labor, equipment and materials drives all the cost. We reduce the need for labor, we reduce the amount of materials required to complete the job, and we make the equipment more effective. So we attack all three with technology. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[46:12]*: Yeah, that's Great. And so for a CEO of a construction company, like on a micro scale, they say, oh wow, this one construction job got done super efficiently. Didn't have to put as many like people on the job, didn't have to waste materials, saved money on what we would generally do before. But on a macro scale, it's like because we didn't deploy that labor, we can take on another project or we can expand the business. Is that, is that what you would say? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[46:45]*: Yes. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[46:46]*: Okay, so it leads to actually expansion of construction projects in general for that company and for that CEO. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[46:56]*: Yeah, it changed from a macro standpoint, it changes the measure, a term they use put in place construction. Think about the total value of construction completed in a period of time. That number has been flat for years. It's flat for years because even with productivity enhancements and better machinery and better equipment and better tools on them, it can't outrun the lack of people to use them. And so it remains flat. And so companies will say the macro conditions in construction are bad because of that. They're not actually bad, they're actually, I think, quite good. There's never been more money pouring into construction as there is today. There's just a lack of any ability to do more every year because there isn't the people and capability to do it. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[47:49]*: Yeah. And so you're an AI guy, right? You can speak on AI a little bit? I think I can try. We can try. Still oriented around industry takes. How do you see AI influencing these? Like, obviously I feel like the banal point about AI is that it's going to make everything better and faster and more efficient. And like, that's fine. That makes sense. I mean, I'm sure we can go into detail about AI workflows and everything. Maybe not on this call, but the next one. But at an industry level, like we're seeing AI starting to take the job of humans and you know, making things more efficient. Does that apply to the construction industry too? And are you seeing developments there or is the construction industry one of those like completely human led things that will be very hard for AI touch? 
**Mark Schwartz** *[48:50]*: Well, there's a couple of things. The first is I've read a lot of articles about AI taking jobs from humans. I haven't actually seen it happen. It definitely makes people more productive, similar. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[49:03]*: To Trimble Tools, 
**Mark Schwartz** *[49:06]*: But I've seen zero real world instances where it's actually replaced a job. Doesn't mean it doesn't have the capability to at some point. I haven't seen it that Being said, you know, one of the problems in construction, especially as it relates to AI, is first an LLM is never going to hammer a nail into a wall. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[49:28]*: Or paint the wall. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[49:32]*: So there's just certain limiting factors where this just doesn't apply. And then you get into okay, where does it apply? You know, it applies in taking an aging population of employees that have 30 or 40 years of built up expertise in their head and more efficiently transmitting that data and decision making out to more people so that you can do more. In the past in a pre AI world, you know, when that person retired, they left with all their knowledge of 40 years of doing that job. And now we have more efficient ways to, you know, capture that data and have more people utilize it. And that will impact more of the white collar aspects of construction and the more of the, in the trailer and in the office aspects of construction. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[50:31]*: But at the end of the day all of these things are limited because AI essentially outputs probabilistic outcomes. You know, think about it like you know, a trial, you know, it's like, you know, it's more likely than not or beyond a reasonable doubt or if you go to the doctor and you say I have a fever and a cough, you know, they know it's probably three different things that it could be and they, you know, they'd be right most of the time. In construction you can't be right most of the time. If you're right most of the time and the bridge, you know, is built and it's 100 yards off, you know, that could be a multi billion dollar mistake. So probabilistic outcomes in construction don't work. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[51:18]*: And until you get to deterministic outcomes with very low variability, you can't build things in the physical world. A high rise can't be mostly right. It has to be exactly right. And until you cross that threshold, there's going to be a limit to how much it can impact the whole process. In the meantime, there's a lot of stuff in the process that it does very well and can improve productivity, like communication from person to person, collaboration on how things are done together, how you sign things off and make sure that at least you know, in the human, in the loop processes of construction using AI, you can get to a better, more productive outcome and that will help be the next iteration of productivity and profit that these companies can enjoy. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[52:19]*: Yeah, yeah. And was do you think there's any like view that you have on the industry that a lot of people would Disagree with you about that? You have a, that you have a, you know, prediction or take that. You know, generally people stay on the mark. I disagree with you, but you really double down on that. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[52:45]*: I think people in the industry wouldn't necessarily disagree. I think they kind of get it. The issue is all the other people in technology that are running around saying all this stuff is going to happen. Like they would disagree with me because you know, there are people running around, you know, spouting that AI is going to take everyone's job and AI does everything and AI this and AI that usually said by someone who owns an AI based company but at the end of the day like it has its limitations and while it's advanced incredibly over the last few years, there are certain scenarios where that type of pundit statement makes sense. Like if it's a very generic software product that has a very generic workflow, that type of stuff makes sense. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[53:43]*: But when you start to get into there are governments involved and permits and applications and things that need to be filed and compliance and people that have to sign off that have certifications and highly specialized degrees, you know, those things become barriers to how far the technology can go to human replacement model versus a human in the loop. Model construction is going to operate human in the loop for a long time. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[54:14]*: Yeah, yeah. I mean I definitely felt this problem firsthand because you know, I'm Italian, my family just bought a house in Italy and they've been renovating it for the last couple of years and just trying to manage all of these construction. People in Italy from California was like hell. And there's just so many edge cases, so many things that can go wrong. So much human oversight and approval of everything that needs to happen. It's very hard to imagine that ever really eliminating humans. But also because I think it's, there's like a taste element maybe as well. Right? Like certain, yeah, there's an art. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[54:56]*: Form but also like the thing that we all do often over the course of the year, maybe some of us more than others. But like we get in an airplane and we fly planes and it been able to land themselves for 40 years. Still don't like the pilot still lands the plane by hand most of the time. But again the plane has had the technology on board to land without any human involvement for years and years and decades and we still don't do it. And by the way, I don't think a lot of the people on the board, on board the plane wants, want. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[55:38]*: It done that way. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[55:39]*: Yeah, certainly not me. Yeah. Okay, that. I like that. I like that example. We're coming around to the last couple of minutes, but I'm just going to tell you what I'm going to do moving forward. So I think we got a lot of good stuff here in terms of. I understand kind of the before and after with Trimble, that the transformation that it does, the impact that it has on the industry. We went into the industry itself, like predictions that we have or, you know, the dynamics that make it different from other industries. I loved what you said about the labor, the. The problem with labor. Basically, what I need to do is go and kind of create some content that the ICP would find interesting and actionable from what we said. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[56:35]*: But also I would love to lean on any of those case studies that you mentioned. So I'm just going to send in the slack. If you guys can send over, like, concrete numbers that I can kind of lean on and things like that to put a narrative together. You guys are monitoring the slack? Yes. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[56:55]*: We don't have access to slack. I think we're going to get it by email. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[56:58]*: By email. Okay, sounds good. I'll make sure that I get it by email then. But this was a great first session. I appreciate you taking the time. I know it's hard at this hour, but yeah, I'll. We'll converse offline and thanks so much for the insights. 
**Mark Schwartz** *[57:16]*: All right, great. Thank you very much. 
**Marghi Andreassi** *[57:18]*: Great. Bye. Bye. 
