# Trimble <> Virio Content Workshop

**Meeting Date:** 20th Feb, 2026 - 10:00 AM

---

**Heather Adkins** *[00:00]*: It. Hello. 
**Karishma Bali** *[00:37]*: Hey, Heather. How are you? 
**Heather Adkins** *[00:40]*: Good. How are you? 
**Karishma Bali** *[00:41]*: Good. It's been a while. How is the year off to so far? 
**Heather Adkins** *[00:48]*: Whirlwind tour of all kinds of things. We had ourselves kick off last week and so lots of travel, lots of momentum. Yeah, really great. How about you? 
**Karishma Bali** *[00:59]*: Nice. It's good to hear. Honestly, like the same was gonna ask like how your sales kickoff was. I know like everyone comes back with just like such amped up energy after those, but it's been good. We've been like growing really quickly, hiring a ton and to kind of like basically keep growing the team. We were actually like running out office space, which is crazy compared to like when I first started. But all good things. And I will say on the other side, I have accustomed to being in California. So this frigid 40 degree weather is like making me cold from like initially coming from Chicago as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[01:40]*: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's definitely like hot. I'm back in Huntsville, Alabama right now and I'm just going to look up on my weather app here, but I think it's pretty hot today. It got up to 75 yesterday. 76. 
**Karishma Bali** *[01:59]*: Oh my God. In February right now. 
**Heather Adkins** *[02:02]*: But it's going so the high today is 70. But last night I had. We had dinner plans with a friend of mine and she's like, let's sit outside. We sat outside and it was like amazing. 
**Karishma Bali** *[02:13]*: Oh gosh. That's awesome. It's crazy. Like literally other parts of like the US that's like a normal thing to do in February. I can't remember like any time I've ever been able to do that where an area I've lived in. 
**Heather Adkins** *[02:26]*: Yeah. Yeah. Yep. But cool. Yeah. 
**Karishma Bali** *[02:31]*: Excited. I know you included someone else on this call as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[02:36]*: I forwarded it to my chief of staff but she's not going to be able to join us. So I told her I would just represent and I can get her eventually depending on where this progresses. I would want to get her up to speed and then my head of brand up to speed. My head of brain is on PTO today. My chief of staff had a conflict and I had already postponed this a couple of times. So. 
**Karishma Bali** *[02:59]*: Yeah, no sweat, it happens. I've been on the other side but glad we got to finally sync up today. Yeah, I know it's like it's been a while since we initially connected. Would love to learn, you know, from like the marketing and sales side especially coming off rush from like an sko, like what initiatives you're focused on, how you're thinking about like growth for like this upcoming year and then happy to like dive into like a formal content workshop which is also meant to be pretty like engaging and conversational as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[03:32]*: Yeah. And I don't recall exactly because I think I had just maybe had just started or maybe had been in seat for a month last time we spoke. So I don't remember exactly what I shared and didn't share based on my knowledge at that point in time. But last year we had, there was, we've been on this transformation. Right. So there was some difficulties being able to execute our campaigns and actually get campaigns out the door in 2025. It's just due to growing pains bringing teams together from several acquisition companies. And I mean the marketing organization is 300 strong. But yeah, like in as short as I would say about a year ago, they were still sort of disparate teams. 
**Heather Adkins** *[04:22]*: Product marketing was in the product organization and not just one product organization, but like multiple product organizations from all of the acquisitions that we've made. That's just one example. But like that was repeated across the entire marketing org for all of the marketing disciplines underneath the org. So 2025, were actually able to get four global campaigns out the door. That's it. So 2026, my message even on the main stage last week at SCO was and I used a construction analogy because we're a construction, you know, we support the construction industry, but it's like there's all this work that has to happen in the bidding process, all of the structural work, the foundation, things that happen before a building goes vertical. And so I use that analogy to say in 2025, yeah, we had a lot of execution misfires. 
**Heather Adkins** *[05:13]*: I fully own where we are now. But I've worked really hard to bring the marketing organization together and to continue to set up and transform from a people process, data technology perspective. But now that foundation is laid, like now is our time to go vertical in marketing. And we're going from what we called Core4Global Campaigns last year to what we're going to call Global 9. And so, and so it's not going towards like hundreds and hundreds of tactics, but it's just getting more messaging in the marketplace. We have a, we have a very complex portfolio, but it's very, you know, it's wide and it's broad and so want to make sure that we're taking the full depth and breadth of the company to bear for our customers and really talking about that Entire connected construction story. 
**Heather Adkins** *[06:06]*: So it's still customer centric in the sense that we talk about business outcomes for our customers, but we are also, especially once we get to middle and bottom of funnel, talking about a much wider, you know, a broader and deeper set of capabilities that we offer, which we did not do that last year. And that is across social, that's across really any marketing channel that you can think of. You know, a much more kind of integrated campaign where we're building those buyer journeys. And last year it like very disconnected and it was very minimal the amount of campaigns that we actually were successfully able to execute upon. 
**Karishma Bali** *[06:44]*: Got it. Super helpful for context and I guess like maybe two follow ups, like based off of that. Like one for like the buyer sort of like journey and like the buyer archetype. Since like you guys have had like these acquisitions and like the company is just so large and there's so many different facets. And is there like one core archetype of buyer that you typically are looking to build like an audience and create that narrative around? Or would you say it's segmented into like multiple different buyer audiences? 
**Heather Adkins** *[07:18]*: Yeah, we have seven verticals, and each of those seven verticals have like one primary buyer. And I guess one could even argue that the verticals are not really verticals. They are, they are Personas in and of themselves. So general contractor is one of our verticals. So the general contractor is also a Persona. Right. So yeah, it, in a general contractor would care about something much different than an owner operator. So basically our technology helps to design and construct big, massive high rises and roads and rails and things like that. But then once that asset, that building, whatever it is, road, you know, whatever it is, once that asset is complete, then that's passed over to the owner of that asset. So like an owner operator would be another vertical Persona that we would care about. 
**Heather Adkins** *[08:10]*: But there's, you know, but then within an owner and operator, the reason why we call that a vertical is because then you would have different titles underneath the owner and operator or different titles underneath the general contractor, for example. 
**Karishma Bali** *[08:24]*: Yeah, that makes sense. 
**Heather Adkins** *[08:25]*: Yeah, we have. So we have seven verticals and then multiple titles underneath each of those verticals that we care about. Got it. 
**Karishma Bali** *[08:32]*: Okay, that makes sense. And then just I guess, like remind me again, pretty strong assumption that because these are very like large scale projects, pretty long buying cycles typically that go in. 
**Heather Adkins** *[08:47]*: Well, we have anywhere from. We, we. We have a couple. Well, we have three products that have an E. Comm go to market. And so that like the buying cycles short. Right. I mean you, yeah, you convert over E comm all the way up to 18 month buying cycle. So it really is dependent on. It's a very complex portfolio with multiple go to market motions across E Comm direct and indirect. 
**Karishma Bali** *[09:12]*: Got it. That makes sense. And then the other piece I was going to ask you from like the sales side, I mean maybe if you can speak generally and like happy to like dive in deeper into like the different segments too. Like what does like the sales motion look like? How are they typically like prospecting for these leads and how are you kind of how is like the marketing side working to amplify those motions and then what is what happens typically after they're able to prospect. So prospect to close is the second question. 
**Heather Adkins** *[09:42]*: Yep. There's two layers to the sales Org. There is the, I would say GAR layer. So we have you know, strategic accounts down to enterprise, mid market and SMB. Right. So but then there's the layer of the vertical I talked about. So you also have sales reps that focus just on general contractor and bring the full depth and breadth of the company and solutions that we offer for gcs, for example. And last year because of what I just said around where were in our marketing transformation, you know, I think account reps had to source probably 95% of their own pipeline. We've signed up for 50% marketing sourced because we have, you know, I have my entire leadership team in place. 
**Heather Adkins** *[10:29]*: And so there's a lot of the way I break it out is sort of the marketing motions, the sales motions and the joint sales and marketing. So that's a lot of like gong plays, sales enablement play, you know, tactics that we use to enable the sales organization. So all the way from like high level branding air cover to try to gain brand permissions in certain capability areas. And then you go one layer deeper and it is telling that connected construction story and then each kind of solution area branches off from there and yeah. And then at the very bottom, you know, once an opportunity becomes an opportunity, it's marketing help to increase deal velocity and help those deals get across the finish line faster. 
**Karishma Bali** *[11:20]*: Got it. That totally makes sense and helpful context and I'm sure you've heard this like time and time again being like a seasoned marketer, if things go well, they congratulate the sales team. If things go poorly, they're like marketing, what's up? We gotta change something too. 
**Heather Adkins** *[11:33]*: Oh yeah. I am very fortunate to have an amazing chief revenue officer that I get to work alongside so and we're partners in crime and it's very much of a team now layers into his organization. Maybe they don't feel like this, right. Especially people that have been around for 10, 20 years. But definitely him and I are fully aligned and it is a team sport. We win together, we lose together. Like I would never say like if their org overall is missing their targets, but yet we contributed to 50 marketing sourced. Yeah, we're all losing. Even if I met my target, we're all losing. Right. Yeah. So yeah, it's. I know not every CMO can say that, so I know I'm very fortunate for sure. 
**Karishma Bali** *[12:21]*: Makes sense. And then yeah, maybe this is like a good time to like segue into just like LinkedIn content. LinkedIn curious on and it's totally fine if there has not been a strategy like to date, but curious how you're thinking about LinkedIn or how the team has been thinking about LinkedIn especially like at the. So maybe first at the C suite level and then secondary like from AES, BDRs and just the sales team as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[12:46]*: Yeah. So. And I think that's why I wanted to entertain a conversation view to begin with because we have, we did not have. We're beginning, we're beginning to have the beginnings of an influencer program. Three kind of tiers and this is because the direction that I gave my head of brand, like we have to do this and we can do it super cheap and super grassroots in the beginning and then we can crawl, walk, run and get more advanced. But so we selected you know, six, I think C suite to really sort of take over and there's different levels of willingness for us to fully take over their LinkedIn but writing thought leadership for them, actually writing posts for them, trying to help them with the conversation, back and forth of replying and actually engaging with people on LinkedIn. 
**Heather Adkins** *[13:39]*: And again, this is like we just launched this last week, so I don't even have what's happening for results or anything like that. So that's the top tier C suite. You go one layer deeper. And we've actually picked subject matter experts across the company, across Brent Functions. So sales would be included in this and across different levels. Like I have a product marketing specialist on my team who is absolutely amazing. She has executive presence well beyond her years. She has a network you can put her in front of. She does media interviews. She's great. Right. So even though she's not a director or a VP or C suite, like she's someone that I want to elevate as a thought partner in the space. And so we picked her for this middle tier. And she's a subject matter expert. 
**Heather Adkins** *[14:30]*: She grew up, she actually is educated and she's, she's an architect. Right. Turned product marketer. So she already has a level of credibility in the space. And so that's that middle tier. We selected about 20 people to start with because, I mean, we're just trying to get our feet wet. And then at the bottom is like, how do we enable all 13,000 employees to be brand advocates and amplify the brand voice? We haven't really done that yet, but that's the strategy. Kind of a three tier in terms of employee advocacy or an influencer program. We still need to have an overall social strategy. So the team has remit to do that. But I would say it's very immature at this point. Got it. 
**Karishma Bali** *[15:21]*: Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, great. Kind of like Segway point too. So it looks like we can, so we can help obviously from a LinkedIn standpoint. And it looks like this is similar to probably our initial conversation, which I think was right before Christmas time, where there's essentially two different ways we typically work with companies. One is primarily the primary way we work is executive ghostwriting. So really building up like niche audiences. This is. And what the faces we typically work with are like CEOs, CROs, CMOs, heads of marketing, heads of sales. And the way we work with them is essentially like owning specific audiences. Which is why we're probably the only platform that exists or service exists which clients regularly see like a 10x ROI by end of month 3 and happy to go into like. 
**Karishma Bali** *[16:14]*: Well, what does that actually mean for you guys? And like in terms of you guys having like these different like audience segments and these different product lines, you would basically have one executive owning that entire like narrative as well. And then it looks like you're like third layer, which is more employee generated. That's kind of like the big sort of thing that we're building is like employee generated content. And you know this like inside now because you've been in the marketing space. But arguably like every employee is like the best sort of like public advertiser for their company. And what we're doing is allowing each like employee to basically build audience themselves. So like you have A's who are dominating certain territories and building niche audiences. 
**Karishma Bali** *[17:04]*: From there you have product marketers who are really speaking to product expertise and product knowledge that comes in from like their company. And then you have like CMOs, heads of marketing who are talking about high level strategy as it pertains to like their experiences and tying that back in to like the business overall. But I'll take it one step at a time and maybe walk through like the actual workshop to kind of put a lot of these tangibles into perspective and then we can take it from there. And this is also meant to be very engaging and conversational. So like cut me off, like jump in at any time where you want like clarification or just want to dive into some elements like a bit deeper. 
**Karishma Bali** *[17:49]*: And I will also share this with you as a follow up, so feel free to like circulate that around as well. I will skip through some of these elements. I'd argue if you didn't believe in social selling, you probably wouldn't have taken one, let alone two calls with me. 
**Heather Adkins** *[18:08]*: I can't see anything except the K on your screen. It's a purple screen with a K on it. 
**Karishma Bali** *[18:13]*: Oh. 
**Heather Adkins** *[18:16]*: Shoot. 
**Karishma Bali** *[18:17]*: Let me retry that. Is this any better? 
**Heather Adkins** *[18:25]*: It's the same thing. I wonder if it's on my end with connection issues. Yeah, it's just showing your. Oh, it just popped up. 
**Karishma Bali** *[18:35]*: Oh, okay, cool. Let me know if that happens again. Sorry about that. But yeah, we'll quickly go through like this beginning portion, but instead just kind of share some stats and really just like the origin story of like why Vireo exists. A high level stats, you know, cold call cold email cold like LinkedIn message. The success rate has dipped to like less than 2%. What I mean by that is, you know, you're gonna have like the best crafted message. You can have the best crafted kind of like cool cold like drip series, that's that you're launching out. 
**Karishma Bali** *[19:13]*: But the reality is like, because we're in this era of like AI selling, everyone is getting, every buyer is getting inundated with like the same ChatGPT quad automated sequence where it's difficult to really identify like who's like a real human versus like who's like a bot that's just trying to reach out to me. And can the converse rate the amount of B2B social media leads that are coming from LinkedIn specifically has been skyrocketing upwards 80%. And this shift actually started happening like Q3, Q4, 2024, Q1, 2025, if you remember, you know, logging onto LinkedIn, there was like this drastic shift where everyone and their grandmother was trying to post on LinkedIn and trying to figure out how do we tie this back to our business. How do we attribute this? Some sort of like business outcome. 
**Karishma Bali** *[20:07]*: But as a byproduct of that, you started seeing the same ChatGPT Quad AI generated content that was going out, which is probably the equivalent of sending a ChatGPT quad generated cold email cold message out. Right around that time LinkedIn officially became like an ads platform. And our founders, Zoverio has actually been guided and backed by several LinkedIn executives when that pivot was happening because their founders had built in the content space for well over a decade and they'd actually like mastered these systems that they've built internally, actually making LinkedIn the highest leverage growth channel in the antithesis of like the ChatGPT quad sort of like AI swap that you see. So now we essentially like help other companies do the same thing. And the crazy thing is because of this we use the same systems internally. 
**Karishma Bali** *[21:03]*: I'll even like reference like my own LinkedIn profile as well. We've been able to add you know, like millions in ARR per month without actually having a full blown marketing team simply by like using LinkedIn as like our highest leverage growth channel. So we're super excited to now have the opportunity essentially work with other companies and doing the same thing. Magic question. Well, how are we able to do that? So we've held a deep research tool. So you have like the benefit of the duality of like AI and top tier human caliber of writers. And what I mean by that is this deep research tool we've built operates on a trifecta of elements so it looks at everything about your company. And this is great because you guys have such like fine tuned niches. 
**Karishma Bali** *[21:56]*: So we could even like do a test with like one niche, one vertical, one product and say okay, what's top of mind for Trimble? What goals are you looking at hitting? What are the KPIs both from a marketing and sales lens. Who is like the archetype of like the buyer that you want to get in front of and what does the timeframe look like and then all the other nuances in between. So let's say you guys are hiring or you have like anything funding related or just growth initiatives and so forth. So dissects elements to really create a profile for that archetype within Trimble. And then the second is looking at what are the behaviors of your buyers on LinkedIn. So our research tool is able to identify on and maybe like would love an example of just like a title that's common. 
**Karishma Bali** *[22:46]*: I know you like alluded to a few, but what is a common title that maybe like nae would interact with for one of your verticals that you sell to. 
**Heather Adkins** *[22:58]*: Yeah. Director of Estimating. 
**Karishma Bali** *[23:01]*: So Director of Estimating. So let's say you guys have a lead list and you have a list of target companies and Director of Estimating is one of the key decision makers and you know what their names and LinkedIn profiles are. We would take that lead list and say okay, this is what Director of Estimating named. John is liking Commenting engaging what he's putting out on a daily basis. This is what Director of Estimating. Sarah is liking Commenting engaging, interacting with on a daily basis on LinkedIn. So actually looking at their behaviors on LinkedIn, identifying what's resonating with them and what's important on a consistent basis and we're doing it with the accounts that you actually want to get in front of and sell to. And then the last piece is what's trending in a macroeconomic scale? What's trending in news? 
**Karishma Bali** *[23:55]*: How is like US policy impacting like the line or vertical of business that you're like you're actively pursuing? What trends are you seeing in construction on global basis to really identify what's top of mind. And then using those three elements we are able to identify the top formats of content and the topics of content that again are very specific to your buyer. And then using those elements, one of our content engineers who are real live human beings, us in San Francisco, these are like the top point one percent caliber of writers. We've acqui hired them, they've built and sold their own agencies, they've amassed large followings of their own and worked to build up executive presence from scratch upwards. 
**Karishma Bali** *[24:46]*: 50, 60, 100 plus K. One of these will be designated to essentially taking those research driven topics and frameworks and actually draft your content, write your content and arguably one of the most important parts is serve as like that extension of your go to market team. And what I mean by that is we confidently get you in front of anyone you want to. Our goal is to amplify like marketing efforts that are working which is why we typically work with like marketing teams. So a goal is to get you in front of everyone you want to and then the next piece is making sure that the people we're getting you in front of are actually getting like meetings booked. 
**Karishma Bali** *[25:31]*: Then the other piece is like we'll help coach like your team of SDRs or your AES and say this is a messaging that's actually going to convert them into a booked meeting. And then the Rest of course, is left on execution of like your sales team. But that's like a bit high level on how we operate and why we're able to see such drastic, fantastic business outcomes simply by like the duality of human capital and the tool that we've built. 
**Heather Adkins** *[26:02]*: Hey, I'm sorry, my daughter has called me like three times in a row. Can I just. Yeah, I'm gonna. I'll be right back. 
**Karishma Bali** *[26:08]*: For sure. Yeah, no worries. 
**Heather Adkins** *[26:11]*: Hello? Okay. She's fine. Sorry about that. 
**Karishma Bali** *[27:07]*: Okay. Yeah, no worries. 
**Heather Adkins** *[27:09]*: Also, I. And I mean, they're not even allowed to have their phones out at school. So I'm like, okay, why is she calling me? And why is she calling me three times in a row? 
**Karishma Bali** *[27:18]*: Oh my gosh. No, no worries at all. How old is your daughter? 
**Heather Adkins** *[27:24]*: This one? She's 15. 
**Karishma Bali** *[27:26]*: Okay. This is a good high school. Not quite at that life stage yet, but I always hear stories. I'm like, if you anything, kids involved, totally fine to go. 
**Heather Adkins** *[27:38]*: But yeah. 
**Karishma Bali** *[27:39]*: So anyways, like going into like process, I guess, like curious. Any questions on process or how we produce content along those lines right now? 
**Heather Adkins** *[27:50]*: So getting up to producing content and posting something I fully understand. What about the engagement aspect of it? Right. Making sure that we're following up when people comment and like that aspect of it for sure. 
**Karishma Bali** *[28:08]*: So maybe I can like almost skip through some examples. Yeah, like this, you are a marketer, so don't have to go through this in depth. But typically our content pillars and I'll go through examples to talk through what the engagement looks like and the follow up. One thing I will highlight here is account based marketing posts are like our bread and butter. This is like the fastest converting type of content for new logo acquisition and getting stuck deals unstuck. And there is like hundreds of ways that we could do this. And I think combined with like producing like quality top of funnel content is also pivotal. And the way we kind of extract very profound perspectives from executives that we write for is through like content interviews. 
**Karishma Bali** *[28:57]*: So the deep research tool will identify what's important to like the buyer and what's going to resonate with them in terms of framework. But then the other piece is saying like, hey, okay, we do our own homework and we do like a monthly content interview with whoever we're producing for in some cases. Actually pretty often it's been happening. If we're writing for like the CEO or the CMO or like the CRO, for example, they probably have as you have probably like thousands of things that you have going on. So to really extract that information will often work with like their chief of staff or like their assistant to extract like the same perspectives because they work with them one one, they know it's important. They know what initiatives are top of mind as well. And then maybe one last piece. 
**Karishma Bali** *[29:49]*: I'll kind of teeter up on this. Why I was asking a lot of questions related to like your marketing and sales motion. We are actively invested in being embedded as a part of your go to market motion. And content is essentially not a silo when you treat it in this very holistic, systematic way. It is always infinitely tied to revenue. Example. So in terms of engagement, so what we will essentially work with you comment like responses, even so comment responses and getting like those meetings booked, doing like warm outbound. So let's say an example. This was a post that we did on your profile and your goal was to get in front of several individuals in the E commerce space, including Shopify and several of like the C suite executives, which is exactly what a post like this did. 
**Karishma Bali** *[30:49]*: So the next step to make sure you're like really like monetizing and maximizing like these people that are commenting and engaging with your post. We have like several frameworks of like messaging that we would guide like your either EA or your SDR or your AE and say okay, others post is doing well. This is the engagement guide. This is the messaging you have to send to the individuals that are commenting, reposting and liking like your posts to effectively get those into a meeting that's booked. And sometimes it's having a micro conversation. But there's hundreds of ways that we will do this again, just depending on what our research tool is identifying for your specific niche in terms of like commenting and adding, oh, the other piece is like sometimes. 
**Karishma Bali** *[31:45]*: And this even happens on my own profile as well, sometimes I will get several warm inbound requests. And these will be people who don't even interact with like your post, but they've seen the post, it resonates. And they'll send you a request, they'll send you in like some sort of like comment as well. We also have like frameworks that will show okay, well these are kind of like the lurker ICP or the lurker people, lurker buyers. This is how you will convert those into meetings as well. And all of this is we want to create as low friction as possible to making sure you guys are getting like these results. So in terms of actually like coaching your SDRs or your AES, that's an entire session that we can coordinate and do. 
**Karishma Bali** *[32:34]*: Just so we're not saying, okay, Heather, this is what we're gonna relay to you. And this is adding on to the 2000 other things that you have going on as well. Hopefully that kind of clarified how the follow up and warm outbound, warm inbound motion looks. 
**Heather Adkins** *[32:52]*: Yeah. So do you, do you see more success with like C suite doing this or you know, you've mentioned reps and SDRs. Then like what would be like if we wanted to test our way into doing something like this? Like where is the best place to start? Like the entire SDR team or like our CEO? Our CEO likely would not be the one sitting down and actually like taking these meetings, but the fact that he's a thought leader in the space would then like get that interest to the right SDR or the right, you know, account rep. Right. So like what is the mix of those two approaches? 
**Karishma Bali** *[33:28]*: Yeah, so to start out like I think the, to maximize results is really starting out with the C Suite. And I totally agree, like the CEO is not going to be taking these calls. But what the CEO for example. And it's honestly could even be like if you wanted to test it from your profile as well. What we would do is we differentiate between like face of content, point of contact and then like execution. So face of content would be like the CEO. And what we're doing is they have like the same company that's associated with like your SDRs, but your SDRs are going in and actually getting like those meetings booked as like a follow up. The other thing you could do. And this is like what we guide most companies on. It just depends on what like the appetite for it is. 
**Karishma Bali** *[34:15]*: If you have like a head of sales development or like just a very senior sales leader, we can like show you a tech stack on like creating like workflows where they're sending like those messages to book meetings from the CEO's account, but the meetings are getting booked with like your AES or like your SDRs. So SDR is a qualifier. A's initially just depending on what your sales motion actually looks like. So hopefully that answers question for actually producing content like to maximize result, like starting with someone on C Suite and then getting like the SDRS as like the follow up motion set up. 
**Heather Adkins** *[34:57]*: Yeah. So to do that like the C suite person would have to hand over his or her credential, like sign in credentials. Right. For LinkedIn. Okay. 
**Karishma Bali** *[35:08]*: Yeah, they would. We have a hyper secure proxy. We're also SOC2 compliant. We take a Lot of this very seriously. I mean we work with industries like medtech and health tech or you have like HIPAA compliance, cybersecurity like across the board. And those details will also be shared during like a formal onboarding period as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[35:30]*: Okay. 
**Karishma Bali** *[35:31]*: Yeah. And yeah, lots of just other examples and the way we can do this I think I briefly start here. So this is actually one of our clients blurred out. They just don't want others knowing they're using a service like us. And we would respect the same privacy when we work with you guys as well. But you can see like the outcome of a post like this. So for example the archetype that they were selling to are like heads of finance that you know early to mid stage startups and they're not actually like talking about their company or like selling anything but what they're doing is combined with like his expertise and his like domain knowledge with the framework that our research tool is like really identifying of getting in front of these people. 
**Karishma Bali** *[36:20]*: He's really just adding something of value and simply by like having a title like this you're a linked. What LinkedIn does is it organically will surface this post to heads of finance who classify at 5mil to $25 million companies and they as long as they keep like engaging that will create a massive funnel effect to making sure those are of kind archetypes keep engaging as well. And that's one thing I can't remember if I mentioned but all of our traction, all of our metrics are completely organic and it's simply because of how in depth like this research tool is identifying like what is going to be curated for the audience that you're effectively building. So purpose of this post for him was getting in front of more heads of finances and essentially getting meetings booked. And that's exactly what's posted. 
**Karishma Bali** *[37:14]*: So with our follow up we did the same motion. This is like a president at the company was not meeting with anyone but we use like this account essentially be the face of content which then their sales reps came in and actually booked the meetings too. And again lots of different ways we can do this. Similarly like nine figure CEO post got circulated to other nine figure CEOs like just very organically on LinkedIn and then essentially provided value from that. And then in terms of account based marketing there are like hundreds of different ways that we can do something like this. These posts work really well when like hyper curated. So let's say like directors of estimators you said or estimation estimating are like key Focal points. 
**Karishma Bali** *[38:11]*: We would take like a lead list and say okay, what are your current deals that you're working on that are maybe a bit longer? So midway through sales cycle works really well. Stock deals also work really well. Then just new logo acquisition. We would find a common thread combined with our research tool and what our content writers would identify and produce like something like this. And this is essentially like the digital version of like gifting your clients gift boxes or sending them a bottle of wine or taking them out to a nice dinner or a sports game. This is very difficult to ignore someone who has tagged you like this. 
**Heather Adkins** *[38:49]*: Yeah. 
**Karishma Bali** *[38:50]*: And once they're tagged too they're going to start seeing getting all these notifications about other people interacting so they'll get like a nice ego tapping or ego boost being acknowledged industry and it just makes like the follow up that much easier. Yeah. Lots of different ways we could potentially do that. This is probably like one of my favorite posts that our CEO has done. I'd say like the vast majority of our clients are private, but HubSpot is a public facing customer of ours simply because of this post. We highlighted them. They were already several of these executives are posting on LinkedIn. Us being a LinkedIn content company wanted to highlight that and ended up like finding a common thread, just adding value. Had many of them engaged. Resulted in five meetings from these executives and ultimately like a close one deal as well. 
**Karishma Bali** *[39:47]*: Launch posts Launch strategies had like the most viral launch on LinkedIn last year. We now have produced a playbook. So if there's something that you either announcing we can use a similar playbook or a product feature release and one of your verticals are just something you want to highlight. Maybe it's even like the completion of a project. Lots of ways we can do that from your perspective. And then yeah, lots of ways we can do this between thought leadership single target account based marketing post as well launches different ways that we've had this. 
**Heather Adkins** *[40:29]*: Yeah. 
**Karishma Bali** *[40:30]*: And again I'll share this with you. I know we're like almost we're on time so we'd love to pause and just like hear thoughts how this is resonating with you right now. 
**Heather Adkins** *[40:40]*: Yeah, definitely resonates. Going back to my earlier question just trying to determine how we could like what. What would be the best way to test our way into this. I can tell you the reason why I asked the question around the credentials and our CEO is. Is like taking a whole lot of convincing that he should actually have a personal brand. He. He doesn't want the Spotlight on him. He wants it on Trimble. And so if I could. I love the term like social selling. Right. So if I could give him the business, like an example of the business impact that would come from. Because at the end of the day, what I'm telling him now, it's like at the end of the day, it's business to human. 
**Karishma Bali** *[41:32]*: Yeah. 
**Heather Adkins** *[41:32]*: As a company, you are a person, Rob. Like, people want to relate to a person. You just happen to be the CEO of Trimble. People want to relate to a person. And then that's the way into trusting and having that relationship with the company and the brand and feeling that positive sentiment towards the brand. So, like, if we don't start with him, you know, we have three big segment, three main segments. And there's ahead of each of the segments. Our largest segment is AECO. It's. I mean, we're. Let's see, a $3.6 billion company. AECO is almost 2 billion. So it's like the biggest of the three. We could start with a leader of AECO or even me. 
**Heather Adkins** *[42:15]*: But I'm just, I'm wondering, you know, like, just thinking about what is the best way to test our way into it to sort of like show some results and then be able to land it really solidly at home for our CEO for sure. 
**Karishma Bali** *[42:30]*: And maybe even so, yeah, like, happy to send this over to you. And then, well, we could even do is like as like a next step even. I love to go through like what we call like an ROI analysis, which is very comprehensive. And I know CEOs obviously like seeing return on things as well. So maybe like highlighting that could be helpful. And the second piece is, I totally get it. Like, he is not alone. Like, we just had a client who were kind of going back and forth and saying, like, Trimble as a byproduct will increase like the company page and the company engagement, like on your website, interaction that will organically, like skyrocket once, like his brand is built. Because again, like you said, people associate with individuals. 
**Karishma Bali** *[43:20]*: And then like, if you like, I've taken a look at several executives, like on like LinkedIn as well. But curious if you, even before, like our next call, want to just send me over maybe the other archetypes you're thinking about. And then what I can do is chat with like our content engineers and say, okay, this is like what I know Heather's goals are. These are the other archetypes. Which one makes the most sense to even just pilot with? And then Again, like end of month three, you're seeing like those results coming in. It's very, it becomes like a very easy conviction on like, how to increase or get your CEO involved if we don't end up starting with him as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[43:59]*: Yeah, yeah. So what is your pricing model, business model? Is it by executive, by like, by different levels of like one post a week versus, you know, whatever. Like, what does that look like? 
**Karishma Bali** *[44:14]*: Yeah, for sure. So, and I'll share this with you, but pricing fluctuates depending on amount of posts, amount of blitz posts, and amount of strategy sessions. Blitz posts are like posts, but like very minimal turnaround time because all of our posts are very outcome driven. A lot of overhead goes into actually producing a single one. But we also understand that like, maybe there's like a fresh case study, a fresh project, something you just want to get out there. You can like shoot us like a slack message. You'll be embedded in those. We'll send those over. And then strategy sessions at the baseline, you'll always have a comprehensive performance analytics review, a content interview, and then additional strategy sessions. Those increase. We do 12 posts to 20 posts a month, and those range from like 8 to 12k per executive. 
**Karishma Bali** *[45:06]*: And then if you choose to have additional executives, we have like multiple discounts. So there's discounts from like two executives to three executives, two to five and so forth as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[45:17]*: So is. Is there a world. Call me crazy if this is too fast, but is there a world where we could take March, which is only in 10 days? February is a short month, so it's only in eight days, actually. And we'll say for the month of March. We want to test. Me and Mark Schwartz, who's our head of AECO segment, and we want to do, you know, eight posts. Like, is there. We could just sign for one month. And we want to test this for one month. 
**Karishma Bali** *[45:49]*: Yeah. Oh, sorry. For one month. We typically the lowest pilots we do are three months. Yeah. Just because you see the compounding effects, like coming in with that. But in terms of starting in March, let me just look at our kickoff day calendars. And by starting March, do you mean like kickoff post out or kick off prior and then post out? 
**Heather Adkins** *[46:15]*: Well, I'm in a scenario where I potentially have a bit of budget, but I. That I can spend on test and learn things. Right. So. But it has to be spent in Q1, which is why I'm saying March. Yeah. 
**Karishma Bali** *[46:32]*: Okay. Let me quickly just look at their calendars real quick. We could start March like the week of March 2nd, you'd want to start? 
**Heather Adkins** *[46:46]*: Yeah, I guess for a three month pilot, I mean, we obviously would have to get you through like procurement and you know, so again, this could be a pipe dream. I don't know through all of the procurement and legal and all of that. So I don't know. I mean, March 2nd might be a little bit too aspirational. 
**Karishma Bali** *[47:07]*: Okay. We could even do like if I'm looking at March 2nd and March versus March 9th. So kickoff. And I'll maybe just walk you through. I know we're a little over time. Are you okay for the next few minutes? 
**Heather Adkins** *[47:21]*: Okay. 
**Karishma Bali** *[47:22]*: So yeah, just to walk you through what kickoff would look like, I can even send you like an onboarding link after this call. I can send you just like some of the slack details as well. But what we would need to do on a kickoff day is block off like a period where I would introduce you to our head of customer success. If it's both of you guys together, I can see if we can do that. Just three of you so you don't have to block off additional time. So it's you. I'd introduce you to your head of customer success and then your content engineers, because they would likely be different. And then separately you'd set up like a content interview with your content engineer. And then we can probably get our like post rolling very like within a few days, shortly after. 
**Karishma Bali** *[48:10]*: If we wanted to start in March, I would send you things like the onboarding details. I could even send you like a drafted contract beforehand as well. But we could get started like March 4th. So the slots that we have open are like March 4th, March 6th, or I think like March 11th as well. Right now. 
**Heather Adkins** *[48:39]*: What are, what are the payment terms? Do you pay everything up front for the three month pilot? 
**Karishma Bali** *[48:46]*: Typically, yeah, if there is. Yeah. So like three months. And you guys wanted to start with like the lowest option first, which was like the 8k for the 12 post a month. 
**Heather Adkins** *[48:56]*: Yeah, I think I'm again, I have some convincing to do. So for limited investment, have a little bit of budget that I can use in March for something like this. So not that we would not want to expand the relationship, but like to, you know, this would be a good thing for me to play with, if you will, in March to then be able to determine how we scale it, who do we scale it to, what are the other options, how can we get even more impact out of it and value out of it? 
**Karishma Bali** *[49:30]*: For sure, that really makes Sense. So I guess maybe the other question I'd like to ask is like what would you need from me as you go through procurement and legal as like a next step or what support would you need in general? 
**Heather Adkins** *[49:47]*: Yeah, I would have to probably get with Ali, my chief of staff on that because she's, she sends a lot of things through. I, I've not direct. I mean I know my, I have my legal contact that I work with, but in terms of the entire end to end procurement process and working with legal, I'm not sure but I can certainly get those answers for you. 
**Karishma Bali** *[50:07]*: Okay, and then do you still like. I'd still love to do like the ROI analysis that you have all as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[50:14]*: Yeah, yeah, that would be great. 
**Karishma Bali** *[50:17]*: Do you have some time? You are in eastern time? That's correct. 
**Heather Adkins** *[50:21]*: I'm on central. 
**Karishma Bali** *[50:23]*: Central, sorry. 
**Heather Adkins** *[50:23]*: Well, it depends on what week. So I'm traveling the next like four weeks so. 
**Karishma Bali** *[50:28]*: Okay. Are you going to be in central time next week like on Monday next week? Mountain next week. Okay. How does like 2pm Mountain time work? Monday or noon Mountain Monday. 
**Heather Adkins** *[50:46]*: And this is to walk through the. 
**Karishma Bali** *[50:48]*: ROI ROI analysis and then so I'll send you all this like even prior and then we can just tangibly talk about like other support you might need for the next steps. 
**Heather Adkins** *[50:58]*: Okay. So 2pm Mountain Monday you said? 
**Karishma Bali** *[51:02]*: Yeah. Does that work? 
**Heather Adkins** *[51:03]*: The other option? 
**Karishma Bali** *[51:05]*: I could do like 11am Mountain on Monday, Noon Mountain Monday and then I can also do 11am Mountain Tuesday and then noon Mountain on Tuesday or like 4pm Mountain Tuesday. 
**Heather Adkins** *[51:22]*: Okay, 4pm Let's I go 4pm well no, let's not do that. Let's do two Mountain Monday. 
**Karishma Bali** *[51:36]*: Two Mountain Monday. Okay. Is it okay if I set up a 45 so we can talk through everything or do you prefer at 30. 
**Heather Adkins** *[52:02]*: For that time frame? I just have a 30 minute slot so if we can in 30 minutes that would be ideal. 
**Karishma Bali** *[52:09]*: Okay, I will just leave that at 30. 
**Heather Adkins** *[52:14]*: Cool. 
**Karishma Bali** *[52:14]*: And then the other thing. So yeah, I'll send you like this deck. I'll send you like the overview and then I'll send you even just like what the overall like pricing could be for the two executives. It will be like discounted for the pilot and then the last piece. We can wait until post ROI analysis. But do you want a drafted scope of work and contract or should I hold off on that right now? 
**Heather Adkins** *[52:45]*: I mean if it's easy for you to put together then yeah, there's no reason to wait. 
**Karishma Bali** *[52:51]*: Okay, cool. I can send that all to you. Just have, like, a few more calls today and I'll get that to you by end of today. 
**Heather Adkins** *[52:57]*: Okay. 
**Karishma Bali** *[52:58]*: Before our next call. Well, and then email is fine, but if you want to shoot me a text message, especially if you want to move, like in March, happy to. I just sent you my cell phone number via chat, so feel free to just, like, text me if anything comes up that's like, urgent or any other support I can provide as well. 
**Heather Adkins** *[53:23]*: Okay, great. 
**Karishma Bali** *[53:25]*: Yeah, sounds good. Anything else I can address right now? 
**Heather Adkins** *[53:31]*: I don't think so. 
**Karishma Bali** *[53:32]*: Okay, sounds good. And do you have any fun plans for this weekend? 
**Heather Adkins** *[53:38]*: Just low key. We have a minor league ice hockey team here in Huntsville, so we're going to the hockey game tomorrow night, but other than that, just pretty low key. I've got to unpack and repack from my last business trip and do laundry, but nothing fun. How about you? 
**Karishma Bali** *[53:56]*: Oh, gosh. I mean, that could be fun. Ice hockey could be fun. 
**Heather Adkins** *[54:01]*: That will be fun. Tomorrow night. That will be a lot of fun. Yeah? 
**Karishma Bali** *[54:04]*: Yeah. Oh, geez. Nothing too crazy. I'm like, seeing just, like seeing some friends for like, dinner and drinks this evening and then looking forward to just catching up on some sleep over the weekend. 
**Heather Adkins** *[54:14]*: There you go. Sounds like a plan. Yeah. 
**Karishma Bali** *[54:18]*: Well, thanks so much, Heather. It's great catching up with you. 
**Heather Adkins** *[54:20]*: Yes, likewise. Have a good weekend. 
**Karishma Bali** *[54:23]*: You too. 
**Heather Adkins** *[54:24]*: Bye. Bye. 
